" "i wish i were dead" or "i wish i hadn't been born" getting the means to take your own life
" "wabbit" instead of "rabbit" or "tup" instead of "cup" leaving out (omitting) final consonants
" addiction to opioid prescription pain medicines has reached an alarming rate across the united states. some people who've been using opioids over a long period of time may need physician-prescribed temporary or long-term drug substitution during treatment. signs and symptoms of narcotic use and dependence can include: a sense of feeling "high" reduced sense of pain agitation
" are mind-altering (psychoactive) substances similar to amphetamines such as ecstasy (mdma) and cocaine. packages are often labeled as other products to avoid detection. despite the name
" or to boost energy
" progressive stiffness
" where you don't remember events. very high blood alcohol levels can lead to coma
"what am i doing here?" or "how did we get here?"
12 oz. (1.7 kg) 16.5 in. (42 cm) 11.4 in. (29 cm) 28 weeks 2 lbs.
12 oz. (1.7 kg) 16.5 in. (42 cm) 11.4 in. (29 cm) 32 weeks 3 lbs.
15 oz. (3.6 kg) 20 in. (51 cm) 13.8 in. (35 cm) 35 weeks 5 lbs.
15 oz. (3.6 kg) 20 in. (51 cm) 13.8 in. (35 cm) 40 weeks 7 lbs.
15.5 oz. (1.8 kg) 16.5 in. (42 cm) 11.6 in. (29.5 cm) 28 weeks 2 lbs.
15.5 oz. (1.8 kg) 16.5 in. (42 cm) 11.6 in. (29.5 cm) 32 weeks 3 lbs.
2016. goldsmith la
2016. herring ja. upper extremity injuries. in: tachdjian's pediatric orthopedics. 5th ed. philadelphia
2016. kanlayavattanakul m
2016. kliegman rm
2016. marx ja
2016. mathison dj
2016. mencio ga. fractures and dislocations of the forearm
2016. perspiration. natural medicines. https://naturalmedicines.therapeuticresearch.com/. accessed july 7
2016. related greenstick fracture associated procedures ct scan ultrasound x-ray products & services book: mayo clinic guide to raising a healthy child related greenstick fracture greenstick fracture
2016. related sweat test associated procedures urinalysis products & services book: mayo clinic book of home remedies related sweat test sweat test
2016. schweich p. closed reduction and casting of distal forearm fractures in children. http://www.uptodate.com/home. accessed march 21
2016. schweich p. distal forearm fractures in children: diagnosis and assessment. http://www.uptodate.com/home. accessed march 21
2016. schweich p. distal forearm fractures in children: initial management. http://www.uptodate.com/home. accessed march 21
2016. show references goldsmith la
2016. show references marx ja
2016. smith cc
2018. conidi f. some unusual sports-related neurologic conditions. continuum. 2014;20:1645. dhungana s
2018. related associated procedures ultrasound products & services book: mayo clinic book of home remedies related associated procedures ultrasound associated procedures ultrasound
2018. related products & services book: mayo clinic family health book
2018. safran mr
2018. show references conidi f. some unusual sports-related neurologic conditions. continuum. 2014;20:1645. dhungana s
2018. show references sprains and strains. national institute of arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases. https://www.niams.nih.gov/health-topics/sprains-and-strains/advanced. accessed april 27
2018. sprains
2018. sprains and strains. national institute of arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases. https://www.niams.nih.gov/health-topics/sprains-and-strains/advanced. accessed april 27
2018. walls rm
2019. askmayoexpert. cervical dystonia (spasmodic torticollis). rochester
2019. botulinum toxins. facts & comparisons eanswers. https://www.wolterskluwercdi.com/facts-comparisons-online/. accessed july 25
2019. comella c. classification and evaluation of dystonia. https://www.uptodate.com/contents/search. accessed july 23
2019. dystonias fact sheet. national institute of neurological disorders and stroke. https://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/patient-caregiver-education/fact-sheets/dystonias-fact-sheet. accessed july 23
2019. frontera wr
2019. related associated procedures deep brain stimulation electromyography (emg) mri products & services book: back and neck health related associated procedures deep brain stimulation electromyography (emg) mri associated procedures deep brain stimulation electromyography (emg) mri
2019. show references dystonias fact sheet. national institute of neurological disorders and stroke. https://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/patient-caregiver-education/fact-sheets/dystonias-fact-sheet. accessed july 23
2020. facts about charcot-marie-tooth disease and related diseases. muscular dystrophy association. https://www.mda.org/disease/charcot-marie-tooth. accessed dec. 31
2020. kang pb. charcot-marie-tooth disease: genetics
2020. kang pb. charcot-marie-tooth disease: management and prognosis. https://www.uptodate.com/contents/search. accessed dec. 31
2020. klein cj. charcot-marie-tooth disease and other hereditary neuropathies. continuum. 2020; doi:10.1212/con.0000000000000927. charcot-marie-tooth disease fact sheet. national institute of neurological disorders and stroke. https://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/patient-caregiver-education/fact-sheets/charcot-marie-tooth-disease-fact-sheet. accessed dec. 31
2020. neurotoxic medications. charcot-marie-tooth association. https://www.cmtausa.org/living-with-cmt/managing-cmt/medications/. accessed dec. 31
2020. pedicure pointers. american podiatric medical association. https://www.apma.org/patients/healthyfeettips.cfm?itemnumber=9859. accessed dec. 31
2020. related associated procedures electromyography (emg) gene therapy genetic testing knee braces for osteoarthritis show more associated procedures products & services book: mayo clinic family health book
2020. rossor am
2020. show references klein cj. charcot-marie-tooth disease and other hereditary neuropathies. continuum. 2020; doi:10.1212/con.0000000000000927. charcot-marie-tooth disease fact sheet. national institute of neurological disorders and stroke. https://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/patient-caregiver-education/fact-sheets/charcot-marie-tooth-disease-fact-sheet. accessed dec. 31
2020. simon rp
2021 print print share on: facebooktwitter facebook twitter show references dystonias fact sheet. national institute of neurological disorders and stroke. https://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/patient-caregiver-education/fact-sheets/dystonias-fact-sheet. accessed july 23
2021 print print share on: facebooktwitter facebook twitter show references goldsmith la
2021 print print share on: facebooktwitter facebook twitter show references marx ja
2022 print print share on: facebooktwitter facebook twitter show references conidi f. some unusual sports-related neurologic conditions. continuum. 2014;20:1645. dhungana s
2022 print print share on: facebooktwitter facebook twitter show references paller as
2022 print print share on: facebooktwitter facebook twitter show references sprains and strains. national institute of arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases. https://www.niams.nih.gov/health-topics/sprains-and-strains/advanced. accessed april 27
2022. askmayoexpert. spina bifida. mayo clinic; 2021. andreas a
2022. cohen ba. neonatal dimpling. in: pediatric dermatology. 5th ed. elsevier; 2022. https://www.clinicalkey.com. accessed aug. 30
2022. holcomb gw
2022. paller as
2022. related sacral dimple associated procedures mri ultrasound products & services book: mayo clinic family health book
2022. sacral dimple — normal. pediatric patient education. https://publications.aap.org/patiented. accessed aug. 31
2022. show references paller as
2023 print print share on: facebooktwitter facebook twitter show references klein cj. charcot-marie-tooth disease and other hereditary neuropathies. continuum. 2020; doi:10.1212/con.0000000000000927. charcot-marie-tooth disease fact sheet. national institute of neurological disorders and stroke. https://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/patient-caregiver-education/fact-sheets/charcot-marie-tooth-disease-fact-sheet. accessed dec. 31
3.3 oz. (1.0 kg) 14.1 in. (36 cm) 9.8 in. (25 cm) 24 weeks 1 lb.
3.3 oz. (1.0 kg) 14.1 in. (36 cm) 9.8 in. (25 cm) 28 weeks 2 lbs.
4.7 oz. (2.4 kg) 17.7 in. (45 cm) 12.4 in. (31.5 cm) 32 weeks 3 lbs.
4.7 oz. (2.4 kg) 17.7 in. (45 cm) 12.4 in. (31.5 cm) 35 weeks 5 lbs.
5.2 oz. (0.60 kg) 12.6 in. (32 cm) 8.3 in. (21 cm) 24 weeks 1 lb.
5.2 oz. (0.60 kg) 12.6 in. (32 cm) 8.3 in. (21 cm) gestational age weight length head circumference gestational age weight length head circumference 40 weeks 7 lbs.
5.2 oz. (0.60 kg) 12.6 in. (32 cm) 8.3 in. (21 cm) special care if you give birth to a preterm baby
5.2 oz. (0.60 kg) 12.6 in. (32 cm) 8.3 in. (21 cm) weight
5th edition newsletter: mayo clinic health letter — digital edition show more products and services from mayo clinic charcot-marie-tooth diseasesymptoms & causesdiagnosis & treatmentdoctors & departments charcot-marie-tooth disease symptoms & causesdiagnosis & treatmentdoctors & departments
5th edition newsletter: mayo clinic health letter — digital edition show more products and services from mayo clinic products & services book: mayo clinic family health book
5th edition newsletter: mayo clinic health letter — digital edition show more products and services from mayo clinic related associated procedures electromyography (emg) gene therapy genetic testing knee braces for osteoarthritis show more associated procedures associated procedures electromyography (emg) gene therapy genetic testing knee braces for osteoarthritis show more associated procedures products & services book: mayo clinic family health book
5th edition newsletter: mayo clinic health letter — digital edition show more products and services from mayo clinic related products & services book: mayo clinic family health book
5th edition newsletter: mayo clinic health letter — digital edition show more products and services from mayo clinic related sacral dimple sacral dimple
5th edition newsletter: mayo clinic health letter — digital edition show more products and services from mayo clinic yipssymptoms & causesdiagnosis & treatment yips symptoms & causesdiagnosis & treatment
6.8 oz. (1.1 kg) 14.4 in. (36.5 cm) 10.2 in. (26 cm) 24 weeks 1 lb.
6.8 oz. (1.1 kg) 14.4 in. (36.5 cm) 10.2 in. (26 cm) 28 weeks 2 lbs.
6.9 oz. (0.65 kg) 12.2 in. (31 cm) 8.7 in. (22 cm) 24 weeks 1 lb.
6.9 oz. (0.65 kg) 12.2 in. (31 cm) 8.7 in. (22 cm) gestational age weight length head circumference gestational age weight length head circumference 40 weeks 7 lbs.
6.9 oz. (0.65 kg) 12.2 in. (31 cm) 8.7 in. (22 cm) weight
7.9 oz. (3.4 kg) 20 in. (51 cm) 13.8 in. (35 cm) 35 weeks 5 lbs.
7.9 oz. (3.4 kg) 20 in. (51 cm) 13.8 in. (35 cm) 40 weeks 7 lbs.
8 oz. (2.5 kg) 18.1 in. (46 cm) 12.6 in. (32 cm) 32 weeks 3 lbs.
8 oz. (2.5 kg) 18.1 in. (46 cm) 12.6 in. (32 cm) 35 weeks 5 lbs.
a 25% chance of having an affected son
a 25% chance of having an unaffected daughter and a 25% chance of having a daughter who also is a carrier. close close close x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother women can pass down x-linked recessive disorders such as x-linked agammaglobulinemia. a woman who is a carrier of an x-linked recessive disorder has a 25% chance of having an unaffected son
a 25% chance of having an unaffected daughter and a 25% chance of having a daughter who also is a carrier. close x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother women can pass down x-linked recessive disorders such as x-linked agammaglobulinemia. a woman who is a carrier of an x-linked recessive disorder has a 25% chance of having an unaffected son
a 25% chance of having an unaffected daughter and a 25% chance of having a daughter who also is a carrier. women can pass down x-linked recessive disorders such as x-linked agammaglobulinemia. a woman who is a carrier of an x-linked recessive disorder has a 25% chance of having an unaffected son
a 25% chance of having an unaffected daughter and a 25% chance of having a daughter who also is a carrier. x-linked agammaglobulinemia is caused by a genetic mutation. people with the condition can't produce antibodies that fight infection. about 40% of people with the condition have a family member who has it. complications people with xla can live relatively normal lives and should be encouraged to participate in regular activities for their ages. however
a 25% chance of having an unaffected daughter and a 25% chance of having a daughter who also is a carrier. x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother open pop-up dialog box x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother women can pass down x-linked recessive disorders such as x-linked agammaglobulinemia. a woman who is a carrier of an x-linked recessive disorder has a 25% chance of having an unaffected son
a 25% chance of having an unaffected daughter and a 25% chance of having a daughter who also is a carrier. x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother women can pass down x-linked recessive disorders such as x-linked agammaglobulinemia. a woman who is a carrier of an x-linked recessive disorder has a 25% chance of having an unaffected son
a bad taste in the mouth or changes in the ability to smell sensitivity to light or sound cognitive
a benign peripheral nerve tumor can cause symptoms if it presses on the nerve in which it is growing or on nearby nerves
a blood clot can form and block the arteries
a brain arteriovenous malformation may not cause any signs or symptoms until the avm ruptures
a broken wrist might cause these signs and symptoms: severe pain that might worsen when gripping or squeezing or moving your hand or wrist swelling tenderness bruising obvious deformity
a cardiologist at mayo clinic. in this video
a chalazion usually isn't painful and tends to be most prominent on the inner side of the eyelid. treatment for both conditions is similar.
a child can develop: loud barking cough that's made worse by crying and coughing
a child having a febrile seizure shakes all over and loses consciousness. sometimes
a child may appear normal after being shaken
a child or adult with wheat allergy is likely to develop signs and symptoms within minutes to hours after eating something containing wheat. wheat allergy signs and symptoms include: swelling
a child usually will have a fever greater than 102.2 f (39 c) for five or more days and at least four of the following signs and symptoms. a rash on the main part of the body or in the genital area an enlarged lymph node in the neck extremely red eyes without a thick discharge red
a child who is genetically male may be born with: female genitals genitals that are neither clearly male nor clearly female (ambiguous genitals) underdeveloped male genitals puberty male hypogonadism can delay puberty or cause incomplete or lack of normal development. it can hamper: development of muscle mass voice deepening growth of body and facial hair growth of the penis and testicles and it can cause: excessive growth of the arms and legs in relation to the trunk of the body development of breast tissue (gynecomastia) adulthood in adult males
a chronic cough
a chronic cough can occur with other signs and symptoms
a cold sore usually passes through several stages: tingling and itching. many people feel itching
a common sign of acromegaly is enlarged hands and feet. for example
a complete lack of response
a condition called ascites sudden weight gain from a buildup of fluid
a condition called septic shock can occur. signs and symptoms of septic shock include: low blood pressure fever
a condition called strabismus. problems seeing near objects or far objects
a condition called tachycardia. irregular heartbeat
a condition marked by recurrent
a condition that causes bouts of diarrhea
a condition that causes involuntary muscle contractions during a specific task. it's most likely related to overuse of a certain set of muscles
a condition with alternating episodes of depression and mania in addition to the above disorders
a cough
a cough or hoarseness unintended weight loss
a cough that produces frothy sputum that may look pink or have blood in it a very fast heartbeat (tachycardia) weakness chest pain low fever symptoms of high-altitude pulmonary edema (hape) tend to get worse at night.
a cough that won't go away
a crouched gait
a disease process that begins in childhood can continue to advance into adulthood.
a distinctive bright red rash may appear on your child's face — usually on both cheeks. eventually it may spread to the arms
a double uterus often causes no symptoms. the condition may be discovered during a regular pelvic exam or during imaging tests to determine the cause of repeated miscarriages. women who have a double vagina along with a double uterus may initially consult a doctor for menstrual bleeding that isn't stopped by a tampon. in these situations
a draft or light. as the disease progresses
a dry cough
a dry mouth
a fever
a fibroadenoma is a solid breast lump that often causes no pain. it is: round with distinct
a fibroid can cause acute pain when it outgrows its blood supply
a food allergy can trigger a severe allergic reaction called anaphylaxis. this can cause life-threatening signs and symptoms
a hacking cough
a hamstring injury typically causes a sudden
a hard
a headache
a hemangioma may be present at birth
a hernia is likely to be more apparent when the child coughs
a high fever
a high pain tolerance
a high temperature
a hormonal imbalance
a life-threatening emergency that requires an immediate epinephrine (adrenaline) shot and a trip to the emergency room. anaphylaxis signs and symptoms include: constriction of airways
a life-threatening reaction that narrows the airways and can block breathing. milk is the third most common food — after peanuts and tree nuts — to cause anaphylaxis. if you or your child has a reaction to milk
a lingering cough
a liver hemangioma doesn't cause any signs or symptoms. when a liver hemangioma causes signs and symptoms
a loosening of the joint may occur
a lot of saliva comes out.
a lump can be felt. there also may be pain and swelling at the site of the larval cyst infection.
a major branching fiber (axon) and numerous smaller branching fibers (dendrites). the myelin sheath is fatty material that covers
a mass like a "bag of worms" may be visible above the testicle. a smaller varicocele may be too small to see but noticeable by touch. differently sized testicles. the affected testicle may be noticeably smaller than the other testicle. infertility. a varicocele may lead to difficulty fathering a child
a mild form of varicose veins
a mold allergy causes the same signs and symptoms that occur in other types of upper respiratory allergies. signs and symptoms of allergic rhinitis caused by a mold allergy can include: sneezing runny or stuffy nose cough and postnasal drip itchy eyes
a narrowing of the head at the temples
a pattern known as allergic dermatitis. this type of dermatitis is an immune system reaction that causes skin inflammation. direct contact with an allergy-causing pet may trigger allergic dermatitis
a persistent cough
a persistent hacking cough is the only sign that an adolescent or adult has whooping cough. infants may not cough at all. instead
a person may: begin with a frightening scream or shout sit up in bed and appear frightened stare wide-eyed sweat
a person who is red-green or blue-yellow deficient isn't completely insensitive to both colors. defects can be mild
a person with epilepsy will tend to have the same type of seizure each time
a person with foot drop may raise the thigh more than usual when walking
a physical touch
a pilonidal cyst may not cause symptoms. but if it's infected
a popliteal artery aneurysm may not cause any noticeable symptoms. the first symptom may be pain the lower leg that occurs with walking (claudication). other signs and symptoms of a popliteal artery aneurysm include: knee pain lower leg pain swelling behind the knee pulsing sensation behind the knee causes an aneurysm is a ballooning in a weak spot in an artery wall. many different things can cause the popliteal artery wall to become weak
a productive cough
a racing heart
a rare type
a rash and sometimes blisters. when the blisters break
a rash often appears. a roseola rash is many small spots or patches. these spots tend to be flat. the rash often starts on the chest
a rectal temperature
a reduction in red blood cells
a reexperience of the hallucinations — even years later pcp use may cause: pcp a feeling of being separated from your body and surroundings hallucinations problems with coordination and movement aggressive
a repeat bleed may never occur.
a result of excess protein in your urine weight gain due to fluid retention fatigue loss of appetite
a rotavirus infection may cause only mild signs and symptoms or none at all.
a rotavirus infection usually starts within two days of exposure to the virus. early symptoms are a fever and vomiting
a runny nose
a scissors-like gait with knees crossing
a seborrheic keratosis grows gradually. signs and symptoms might include: a round or oval-shaped waxy or rough bump
a serious infection of the inner lining of your heart (endocardium) can be caused by staph bacteria. signs and symptoms of staph infections vary widely
a severe mental illness in which people lose contact with reality (psychosis). while people with schizotypal personality disorder may experience brief psychotic episodes with delusions or hallucinations
a short
a shoulder or the back a flat growth or a slightly raised bump with a scaly surface
a small dimple or a birthmark. sometimes
a small number of children still wet the bed.
a small posterior vaginal prolapse (rectocele) might cause no symptoms. otherwise
a soft tissue sarcoma may not cause any signs and symptoms in its early stages. as the tumor grows
a sometimes deadly disease that is more common in developing countries.
a sore neck
a sore throat and swollen lymph nodes. these signs and symptoms may disappear within a few weeks or repeatedly come and go for as long as a year. latent syphilis if you aren't treated for syphilis
a specific phobia involves an intense
a spermatocele usually causes no signs or symptoms and might remain stable in size. if it becomes large enough
a spider bite looks like any other bug bite — a red
a spiritual leader or someone in your faith community. contact a suicide hotline. in the u.s.
a stiff neck
a subconjunctival hemorrhage looks worse than it is and should cause no change in your vision
a substance that affects blood pressure
a sudden disinterest in school activities or work
a swelling of the wall of the body's main artery (aorta). anyone diagnosed with popliteal artery aneurysm should be screened for aaa. aaa other risk factors for popliteal artery aneurysm include: increasing age high blood pressure (hypertension) smoking narrowing of a heart valve (stenotic disease) having three or more aneurysms anywhere in the body complications complications of popliteal artery aneurysm include blood clots (thrombosis) and
a telephone or an alarm clock — can cause you to lose consciousness. long qt syndrome may also cause seizures in some people. symptoms of long qt syndrome sometimes occur during sleep. most people with symptoms of lqts have their first episode by age 40. when the condition is present at birth (congenital long qt syndrome)
a test that measures the electrical activity of the heart.
a tia can lead to a stroke. if you have atherosclerosis in the arteries in your arms and legs
a tia usually lasts only a few minutes and causes no permanent damage. rash. some people develop a red rash with a lacy
a tingle or tension. expression of the tic brings relief. with great effort
a turned-down mouth and a thin upper lip. poor sucking reflex. infants may have a poor sucking reflex due to decreased muscle tone. poor sucking makes feeding difficult and can result in failure to thrive. generally poor responsiveness. a baby may seem unusually tired
a type of anxiety disorder. when to see a doctor if you have any signs or symptoms of a personality disorder
a type of white blood cell — visible with magnification on the inner surface of your upper eyelid (conjunctiva). inflammation — intense. in this stage
a varicocele usually occurs on the left side of the scrotum and often produces no signs or symptoms. possible signs and symptoms may include: pain. a dull
a wide gait or an asymmetrical gait difficulty with fine motor skills
abdomen
abdomen and joints. the pain varies in intensity and can last for a few hours to a few days. some people have only a few pain crises a year. others have a dozen or more a year. a severe pain crisis requires a hospital stay. some adolescents and adults with sickle cell anemia also have chronic pain
abdomen and pelvis also can occur. there may be spongy tissue filled with small veins in or under the skin. malformed veins may become more prominent with age. overgrowth of bones and soft tissue. this begins in infancy and may be limited to one leg
abdomen or legs. weakness in your arms or legs. some people notice heaviness in the legs
abdomen or lower back tender
abdominal aortic aneurysms often grow slowly without noticeable symptoms
abdominal bloating
abdominal cramping and pain on the left side
abdominal cramps
abdominal cramps and pain
abdominal pain
abdominal swelling
abnormal bleeding
abnormal hand movements
abnormal menstruation
abnormal movements a slow
abnormal nail growth and discoloration. close close close nail psoriasis nail psoriasis psoriasis can affect fingernails and toenails
abnormal nail growth and discoloration. close nail psoriasis nail psoriasis psoriasis can affect fingernails and toenails
abnormal nail growth and discoloration. nail psoriasis open pop-up dialog box nail psoriasis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close nail psoriasis nail psoriasis psoriasis can affect fingernails and toenails
abnormal nail growth and discoloration. nail psoriasis psoriasis can affect fingernails and toenails
abnormal nail growth and discoloration. psoriasis can affect fingernails and toenails
abnormal nail growth and discoloration. psoriatic nails might loosen and separate from the nail bed (onycholysis). severe disease may cause the nail to crumble. guttate psoriasis. guttate psoriasis primarily affects young adults and children. it's usually triggered by a bacterial infection such as strep throat. it's marked by small
abnormal nail growth and discoloration. pustular psoriasis open pop-up dialog box close pustular psoriasis pustular psoriasis pustular psoriasis generally develops quickly
about one-third of women with the condition have never had children. risk factors certain factors may increase your risk of developing rectal prolapse
above the collarbone or below the collarbone flattening or turning inward of the nipple for inflammatory breast cancer to be diagnosed
absence of or loss of periods not related to menopause. for men
academic and social functioning problems with managing personal care
accidents or medical procedures others
accompanied by significant pain and swelling. when to see a doctor contact your doctor if your child has persistent pain in an injured limb. seek immediate medical attention if a child is unable to bear weight or if there is obvious pain
according to the pattern of symptoms and how long symptoms last. acute pericarditis begins suddenly but doesn't last longer than three weeks. future episodes can occur. it may be difficult to tell the difference between acute pericarditis and pain due to a heart attack. recurrent pericarditis occurs about four to six weeks after an episode of acute pericarditis with no symptoms in between. incessant pericarditis lasts about four to six weeks but less than three months. the symptoms are continuous. chronic constrictive pericarditis usually develops slowly and lasts longer than three months.
achalasia symptoms generally appear gradually and worsen over time. signs and symptoms may include: inability to swallow (dysphagia)
aches and pains
achilles tendinitis open pop-up dialog box close achilles tendinitis achilles tendinitis achilles tendinitis is an overuse injury of the achilles (uh-kill-eez) tendon
aching or burning pain
aching or burning pain in the ball of your foot — the part of the sole just behind your toes pain that worsens when you stand
aching or discomfort in your upper abdomen. acid reflux and heartburn. burping. nausea and vomiting. bleeding in your digestive tract. losing weight without trying. loss of appetite.
aching pain for hours secondary cough headaches often present with only a cough headache
aching pain in a muscle pain that persists or worsens a tender knot in a muscle difficulty sleeping due to pain
aching pain in the front of the knee. the following can increase the pain: walking up or down stairs. kneeling or squatting. sitting with a bent knee for long periods of time. when to see your doctor if the knee pain doesn't improve within a few days or it gets harder to move the knee
aching pain or discomfort is more likely when standing or late in the day. lying down often relieves pain. a mass in the scrotum. if a varicocele is large enough
achy or pressure-like chest pain. pericarditis pain usually occurs behind the breastbone or on the left side of the chest. the pain may: spread to the left shoulder and neck get worse when coughing
acid reflux
acidic or spicy foods bleeding and irritation with tooth brushing inflammation of the gums (gingivitis) painful
acidity
acne and other blemishes hair
acromegaly signs and symptoms tend to vary from one person to another
acting as a warning. not everyone who has temporal lobe seizures has auras
acting without thinking and sexual promiscuity lack of awareness of one's own behaviors and abilities slowness in processing thoughts or ''finding'' words difficulty in learning new information psychiatric disorders the most common psychiatric disorder associated with huntington's disease is depression. this isn't simply a reaction to receiving a diagnosis of huntington's disease. instead
actinic keratoses vary in appearance. symptoms include: rough
activities or people that remind you of the traumatic event negative changes in thinking and mood negative changes in thinking and mood symptoms of negative changes in thinking and mood may include: negative thoughts about yourself
acute illness can develop into a more serious disease
acute liver failure
acute mesenteric ischemia signs and symptoms of the acute form of mesenteric ischemia include: abrupt
acute sinusitis signs and symptoms often include: thick
addison's disease symptoms usually happen slowly
adenomyosis can cause: heavy or prolonged menstrual bleeding severe cramping or sharp
adenomyosis causes no signs or symptoms or only mild discomfort. however
adrenaclick
adrenal glands
affected joints might hurt only when putting weight on them. eventually
affecting blood vessels and the organs they supply
affecting people as they age. in men
affects about 1% of those infected. while the illness lasts longer than a few days
after 20 weeks of pregnancy. sometimes
after a binge
after a long qt episode
after consuming milk or products containing milk. anaphylaxis milk allergy can cause anaphylaxis
after eating food and vomit it out
after exposure to an older gadolinium-based contrast agent (group 1). some signs and symptoms of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis may include: swelling and tightening of the skin reddened or darkened patches on the skin thickening and hardening of the skin
after intercourse or after menopause watery vaginal discharge a lump or mass in your vagina painful urination frequent urination constipation pelvic pain
age spots don't fade. age spots: are flat
age spots on the hand open pop-up dialog box close age spots on the hand age spots on the hand age spots may grow in size and group together
aged
aggressive
aggressive or chronically angry most of the time. aggressive episodes may be preceded or accompanied by: rage irritability increased energy racing thoughts tingling tremors palpitations chest tightness the explosive verbal and behavioral outbursts are out of proportion to the situation
aggressive or disruptive has difficulty recognizing nonverbal cues
aggressive skin cancer. it appears as a painless
agitation and irritability. they may also experience depression during the fall and winter months.
agitation or hallucinations. seizures. loss of sensation or being unable to move certain areas of the face or body. irregular movements. muscle weakness. problems with speech or hearing. loss of consciousness
agitation or restlessness slowed thinking
airplane ear can occur in one or both ears. common signs and symptoms include: moderate discomfort or pain in your ear feeling of fullness or stuffiness in your ear muffled hearing or slight to moderate hearing loss if airplane ear is severe
airplane or movie theater. relief with movement. the sensation of rls lessens with movement
alcohol poisoning signs and symptoms include: confusion vomiting seizures slow breathing (less than eight breaths a minute) irregular breathing (a gap of more than 10 seconds between breaths) blue-tinged skin or pale skin low body temperature (hypothermia) passing out (unconsciousness) and can't be awakened when to see a doctor it's not necessary to have all the above signs or symptoms before you seek medical help. a person with alcohol poisoning who is unconscious or can't be awakened is at risk of dying. alcohol poisoning is an emergency if you suspect that someone has alcohol poisoning — even if you don't see the classic signs and symptoms — seek immediate medical care. here's what to do: call 911 or your local emergency number immediately. never assume the person will sleep off alcohol poisoning. be prepared to provide information. if you know
alcohol use disorder can be mild
aldosterone or both. this is known as an adrenal crisis
allergies can trigger a life-threatening reaction known as anaphylaxis. hay fever
allergy symptoms
along with a sour taste in your mouth nausea vomiting a greenish-yellow fluid (bile) occasionally
alprazolam (xanax)
also called "bath salts
also called allergic rhinitis
also called an arrhythmia reduced ability to exercise shortness of breath swelling in the legs
also called arrhythmia. pounding of the heart
also called being vindictive. has shown vindictive behavior at least twice in the past six months. severity severity odd can be mild
also called cad
also called dysphagia food getting stuck in the esophagus after swallowing
also called encephalitis. symptoms may include: confusion. poor coordination. muscle weakness. seizures. changes in alertness. effect on fetus or infant toxoplasmosis can pass from the mother to the fetus during a pregnancy. this is called congenital toxoplasmosis. infection during the first trimester often causes more-severe disease. it also may result in miscarriage. for some babies with toxoplasmosis
also called hydrocephalus. severe eye infection. irregularities in brain tissues. an enlarged liver or spleen. symptoms of severe disease vary. they may include: problems with mental or motor skills. blindness or other vision problems. hearing problems. seizures. heart disorders. yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes
also called hypoglycemia nausea
also called jaundice
also called jaundice. rash. most babies with toxoplasmosis do not show symptoms. but problems may show up later in childhood or teenage years. these include: return of eye infections. problems with motor skill development. problems with thinking and learning. hearing loss. slowed growth. early puberty.
also called k2 or spice
also called low-flow priapism
also called mdma
also called nephritis
also called ocular melanoma
also called pigmentation
also called the rectum. rectal bleeding may be the only sign of the disease. proctosigmoiditis. inflammation involves the rectum and sigmoid colon — the lower end of the colon. symptoms include bloody diarrhea
also called the vaginal canal
also called urination. peeing more often at night. trouble starting to pee. weak urine stream
also called vertigo. feeling very hungry and gaining weight. brain tumors that aren't cancerous tend to cause symptoms that develop slowly. noncancerous brain tumors also are called benign brain tumors. they might cause subtle symptoms that you don't notice at first. the symptoms might get worse over months or years. cancerous brain tumors cause symptoms that get worse quickly. cancerous brain tumors also are called brain cancers or malignant brain tumors. they cause symptoms that come on suddenly. they get worse in a matter of days or weeks. brain tumor headaches headaches are the most common symptom of brain tumors. headaches happen in about half of people with brain tumors. headaches can happen if a growing brain tumor presses on healthy cells around it. or a brain tumor can cause swelling in the brain that increases pressure in the head and leads to a headache. headache pain caused by brain tumors is often worse when you wake up in the morning. but it can happen at any time. some people have headaches that wake them from sleep. brain tumor headaches tend to cause pain that's worse when coughing or straining. people with brain tumors most often report that the headache feels like a tension headache. some people say the headache feels like a migraine. brain tumors in the back of the head might cause a headache with neck pain. if the brain tumor happens in the front of the head
also can make symptoms worse. tyramine is common in foods that are fermented
also known as drop seizures
also known as food impaction. chest pain
also known as high-flow priapism
also known as hyperthyroidism
also known as impaction chest pain that is often centrally located and does not respond to antacids backflow of undigested food
also known as impaction no response to gerd medication failure to thrive
also known as pheochromocytoma: high blood pressure rapid heart rate anxiety headaches symptoms may be caused by a thyroid tumor pressing on tissues around it or by the release of too many hormones in the body. some people who have medullary thyroid cancer may have no symptoms.
also known as primary hyperparathyroidism: muscle and joint pain constipation fatigue memory problems kidney stones adrenal tumors
also known as pulsatile tinnitus. other symptoms include vision problems such as: other davf symptoms davf visual deterioration eye bulge swelling in the eye lining eye-related palsies cavernous sinus syndrome. in rare cases
also may rupture. pregnancy can increase the risk of a rupture in the uterus. prevention if you have a personal or family history of ehlers-danlos syndrome and you're thinking about starting a family
altered sensorium
alternate with periods of relative remission — when the swelling and pain fade or disappear. over time
alternately flexing and relaxing. convulsions usually last one to two minutes or less. the following signs and symptoms occur in some but not all people with grand mal seizures: a scream. some people may cry out at the beginning of a seizure. loss of bowel and bladder control. this may happen during or following a seizure. unresponsiveness after convulsions. unconsciousness may persist for several minutes after the convulsion has ended. confusion. a period of disorientation often follows a grand mal seizure. this is referred to as postictal confusion. fatigue. sleepiness is common after a grand mal seizure. severe headache. headaches may occur after a grand mal seizure.
although almost 20% of people diagnosed with spinal avm are under the age of 16. avm symptoms may start suddenly or slowly. symptoms usually include: problems with walking or climbing stairs numbness
although convenient
although depression may occur only once during your life
although in young children this period may be shorter. the incubation period refers to how long before your symptoms appear after being exposed to the virus. signs and symptoms such as a fever and sore throat usually lessen within a couple of weeks. but fatigue
although it can also be triggered by long periods of standing or when you get up from sitting.
although it's possible to have no signs or symptoms with an achilles tendon rupture
although many people don't experience symptoms until the chronic stage. acute phase the acute phase of chagas disease
although occasionally urine output remains normal fluid retention
although some experience a rash on the palms of their hands and the soles of their feet. later signs and symptoms may include deafness
although some might have repeated wheezing. severe or life-threatening infection requiring a hospital stay may occur in premature infants or in anyone who has chronic heart or lung problems. rsv and covid-19 because rsv and coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) are both types of respiratory viruses
although some people experience tremors
although some people may have a body temperature lower than 98.6 f (37 c) rapid heart rate lightheadedness shortness of breath confusion
although the color may be brown
although there might not be any abdominal pain back pain uterine tenderness or rigidity uterine contractions
although they can occur anywhere infections from wounds that don't heal causes the exact cause of calciphylaxis is unknown
although they usually are more severe in ehrlichiosis. symptoms of ehrlichiosis and anaplasmosis
although this is less common in children with type 2 diabetes than in children with type 1 diabetes frequent infections
although you could see them as early as two weeks after you're infected. some people
although you might feel the pain in your knee. depending on their placement
ambiguous genitalia may be suspected before birth (prenatally). characteristics can vary in severity
ameloblastoma often causes no symptoms
among other damage
among others
among others: delusions — having false
among others: feeling that you have to use the drug regularly — daily or even several times a day having intense urges for the drug that block out any other thoughts over time
among others: headache bulging or swelling of the eyes bleeding in the nose
among others: swelling near a bone bone or joint pain bone injury or bone break for no clear reason
among others: swelling or a lump in the arm or leg pain in the affected area
among others: trouble urinating and blood in the urine difficulty with bowel movements a mass or bleeding in the vagina or rectum if the cancer is in the arms or legs
an acoustic neuroma may grow large enough to compress the brainstem and become life-threatening. when to see your doctor see your doctor if you notice hearing loss in one ear
an allergic food reaction can be frightening and even life-threatening. food allergy symptoms usually develop within a few minutes to 2 hours after eating the offending food. rarely
an allergic reaction (contact dermatitis) usually begins within hours to days after exposure to nickel. the reaction may last as long as 2 to 4 weeks. the reaction tends to occur only where your skin came into contact with nickel
an allergic reaction to a particular food may be uncomfortable but not severe. for other people
an allergic skin condition also called eczema
an arm or a leg. or it can cover the whole body. itchy skin can occur without any other noticeable changes on the skin. or it may come with: inflamed skin scratch marks bumps
an aura might occur before or during migraines. auras are reversible symptoms of the nervous system. they're usually visual but can also include other disturbances. each symptom usually begins gradually
an echocardiogram or soundwave test of the heart
an ectopic pregnancy can't continue as normal. as the fertilized egg grows in the improper place
an enlarged liver might not cause symptoms. when enlarged liver results from liver disease
an enlarged nose
an enlarged spleen typically causes no signs or symptoms
an exceptionally thin upper lip
an increased awareness of the impact that antisocial behavior has had on their life
an indication of simple absence seizure is a vacant stare
an infant typically begins showing signs and symptoms by about 3 to 6 months of age. survival is usually only a few years. signs and symptoms can include: exaggerated startle response when the baby hears loud noises "cherry-red" spots in the eyes loss of motor skills
an infection marked by creamy white patches that can be wiped away
an inflammation of your cervix
an nhnd usually develops more gradually
an orgasm is a peak feeling of intense pleasure in response to stimulating sexual activity. vaginal penetration during sex indirectly stimulates the clitoris. but this may not be enough stimulation for orgasm. many women may also need direct manual or oral stimulation of the clitoris to reach orgasm. anorgasmia
an umbilical hernia creates a soft swelling or bulge near the navel. in babies who have an umbilical hernia
an uncommon condition
an underlying problem such as an inherited chromosomal abnormality
an underlying problem such as an inherited disorder
an unhealthy diet and smoking can all increase your risk. and finally
an unusual sensation (aura) may precede a temporal lobe seizure
anaphylaxis can cause a coma or even death.
anaphylaxis can cause you to go into shock. signs and symptoms of anaphylaxis include: loss of consciousness a drop in blood pressure severe shortness of breath skin rash lightheadedness a rapid
anaphylaxis can occur a half-hour or longer after exposure. in rare cases
anaphylaxis may be delayed for hours. signs and symptoms include: skin reactions
anaphylaxis may cause: swelling or tightness of the throat chest pain or tightness severe difficulty breathing trouble swallowing pale
anaphylaxis symptoms usually occur within minutes of exposure to an allergen. sometimes
and a cough for a few days. i've also been sweating a lot and feeling weak and unwell. i've had some thick
and a cough. my head hurts too.
and a distorted perception of weight or shape. people with anorexia use extreme efforts to control their weight and shape
and a fever. i also have a headache and am sweating a lot. additionally hurting me have been nausea and muscle aches.
and a fever. i also have a headache and i'm sweating a lot. i've been feeling really nauseous
and a headache. i also have muscle aches and a lot of sweating.
and a headache. i don't feel like eating anything
and a headache. i've also been vomiting and sweating a lot. i'm also really itchy and my muscles are sore.
and a headache. i've been vomiting and sweating a lot. i also have muscle pain and nausea.
and a high fever. i'm also producing a lot of mucous and feel incredibly weak and tired.
and a larger baby produces more urine. some conditions that cause a baby to be larger might also increase his or her urine output.
and a loss of social interaction and communication. stage 3: plateau. the third stage usually begins between the ages of 2 and 10 years
and a partially closed labia resembling a scrotum. the urinary opening (urethra) and the vagina may be only one opening instead of two separate openings. the uterus
and a persistent cough. i also have balance issues and dizziness.
and a rash on my arms and face. i'm also worried about the red sores around my nose and lips.
and a rash on my arms and face. i'm really worried about it. i also have red sores near my nose.
and a smooth skin surface between the nose and upper lip deformities of joints
and a tingling in my throat.
and a tingling sensation in my throat.
and aching in or around the eyes you have general eye discomfort or a headache after doing close tasks
and acid reflux. i also have a stiff neck
and acid reflux. these symptoms have been bothering me and interfering with my usual activities.
and acid reflux. these symptoms have been disturbing me and interfering with my usual activities.
and also between individuals. spina bifida occulta. typically
and an inability to move the bowels despite the urge to do so. this is called tenesmus. left-sided colitis. inflammation extends from the rectum up through the sigmoid and descending portions of the colon. symptoms include bloody diarrhea
and an irregular heartbeat. dehydration can lead to a rapid loss of minerals in your blood that maintain the balance of fluids in your body. this is called an electrolyte imbalance. electrolyte imbalance an electrolyte imbalance can lead to serious signs and symptoms such as: muscle cramps. these result from the rapid loss of salts such as sodium
and answers to questions may be partially or completely unrelated. rarely
and anxiety.
and areas around body openings and the genitals premature whitening or graying of the hair on your scalp
and arms
and arms. it's red and burning. i'm worried about it.
and arms. the rash is painful and red. i'm worried about my health.
and around body openings
and avoidance of social interaction. depression symptoms in older adults depression is not a normal part of growing older
and back. i also have joint pain and skin rashes. the rash is spreading to different parts of my body.
and back. i also have joint pain.
and back. it's often itchy and uncomfortable. my nails are also inflamed and have small dents in them. i've never seen anything like this before.
and be confused if awakened be inconsolable have no or little memory of the event the next morning possibly
and begins to die. fibroids are generally classified by their location. intramural fibroids grow within the muscular uterine wall. submucosal fibroids bulge into the uterine cavity. subserosal fibroids project to the outside of the uterus.
and behaviors can be different in boys and girls. for example
and behaviors that are out of character impaired occupational
and between the shoulders (buffalo hump) pink or purple stretch marks (striae) on the skin of the abdomen
and between your fingers and toes. most people have 10 to 40 moles. many of these develop by age 50. moles may change or fade away over time. with hormonal changes in adolescence and pregnancy
and blood vessels. close close close skin anatomy skin anatomy your skin has three layers that house your sweat and oil glands
and blood vessels. close skin anatomy skin anatomy your skin has three layers that house your sweat and oil glands
and blood vessels. skin anatomy open pop-up dialog box skin anatomy open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close skin anatomy skin anatomy your skin has three layers that house your sweat and oil glands
and blood vessels. skin anatomy your skin has three layers that house your sweat and oil glands
and blood vessels. third-degree burn open pop-up dialog box close third-degree burn third-degree burn third-degree burns extend into the fat layer that lies beneath the dermis. the skin may appear stiff
and blood vessels. your skin has three layers that house your sweat and oil glands
and blurred vision.
and both hands might be involved. triggering is usually worse in the morning.
and both short and long-term memory is affected.
and both. my body temperature has been fluctuating a lot
and bowel and bladder functions. when this part of the nervous system is affected
and brain activity or function in affected areas might be reduced. risk factors risk factors for primary progressive aphasia include: learning disabilities. if you had a childhood learning disability
and can cause scarring and blindness. esophagus. lichen planus of the esophagus is rare
and can include: temper tantrums tirades heated arguments shouting slapping
and can last up to three months. signs and symptoms of iritis include: eye redness discomfort or achiness in the affected eye sensitivity to light decreased vision iritis that develops suddenly
and can strike in different areas throughout the body spinal tumors progress at different rates depending on the type of tumor.
and cause a brief loss of awareness. tonic seizures. tonic seizures cause stiff muscles and may affect consciousness. these seizures usually affect muscles in your back
and cause problems during physical stress such as illness. adrenal crisis. people with classic cah can be seriously affected by a lack of cortisol
and certain types of skin discoloration by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff request an appointment request an appointment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment oct. 07
and changes in physical and emotional reactions. symptoms can vary over time or vary from person to person. intrusive memories intrusive memories symptoms of intrusive memories may include: recurrent
and chest for a few weeks. it's red and itchy
and chills.
and cognitive impairment joint pain reduced functioning of the spleen (hyposplenism) children children with celiac disease are more likely than adults to have digestive problems
and diarrhea.
and diarrhea. i don't want to eat anything.
and difficult to treat. i can't seem to get rid of them.
and difficulty breathing. i've also been sweating a lot and just feeling really weak. i've also had some phlegm that's been really thick and dark.
and difficulty chewing or swallowing. oromandibular dystonia can be painful and often occurs in combination with cervical dystonia or blepharospasm. voice box and vocal cords (laryngeal dystonia). you might have a tight or whispering voice. hand and forearm. some types of dystonia occur only while you do a repetitive activity
and difficulty concentrating.
and digesting food. symptoms may include excessive sweating
and digestive system. allergic reactions can range from mild to severe. in some severe cases
and dizziness in the middle of a conference. i've been having trouble concentrating and focusing on the topic since then.
and dizziness while driving home from work. it's been hard for me to focus and concentrate on the road since then. i'm not sure what's wrong with me
and dizziness.
and dizziness. i also feel like i'm losing my balance and i can't focus.
and dizziness. i have been having trouble keeping my balance since then.
and dizziness. i've also been having trouble concentrating and focusing on my tasks.
and dizziness. i've been having trouble concentrating and focusing since then.
and dizziness. i've been having trouble concentrating and focusing while driving since then.
and dizzy. my throat is swollen and i can't breathe well. i sometimes feel pain in my chest and nausea at night.
and doesn't necessarily indicate how much of the placenta has separated from the uterus. it's possible for the blood to become trapped inside the uterus
and double vision. autonomic nervous system problems can include dry mouth and erectile dysfunction in males. when it occurs as a paraneoplastic syndrome
and drain blood and pus. some people with this condition experience only mild symptoms. the course of the disease is highly variable. excess weight and being a smoker are associated with worse symptoms
and eggs or egg products or by drinking unpasteurized milk. the incubation period — the time between exposure and illness — can be 6 hours to 6 days. often
and episodes may occur occasionally or several times a night. the disorder often worsens with time. symptoms of rem sleep behavior disorder may include: movement
and even years
and eventually progressing to your arms
and everything feels hazy.
and everything is blurry.
and everything seems fuzzy.
and excessive appetite.
and excessive hunger. these symptoms have been affecting my daily life and causing me discomfort.
and extreme fatigue. my heart is racing
and eyes. it is often itchy and uncomfortable. recently
and eyes. my nails are also inflamed.
and eyes. signs and symptoms associated with infections include: cgd fever chest pain when inhaling or exhaling swollen and sore lymph glands a persistent runny nose skin irritation that may include a rash
and eyesight difficulties.
and fatigue. i have also lost a lot of weight and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i have also been having some abdominal pain.
and fatigue. i have also lost weight and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i am also experiencing abdominal pain.
and fatigue. i've also been running a fever and losing weight. my pee is black
and feel exhausted.
and feel painful or numb. raynaud's phenomenon also can occur in people who don't have scleroderma. digestive problems scleroderma can affect any part of the digestive system
and feeling exhausted. i have a fever and have been coughing up a lot of thick
and feeling exhausted. i've been coughing up a lot of thick
and feeling keyed up or on edge difficulty concentrating
and feeling tired. i've been coughing up a lot of thick
and feeling unstable and off balance. i've also been feeling unwell and having problems focusing.
and feeling weak or tired during ordinary activities.
and filled with fluid. it is painful to touch and i have a fever.
and fingers or toes. artificial joints may also be at risk of infection. signs and symptoms may include: joint swelling severe pain in the affected joint fever
and fractures of the ribs
and frequent dizziness. these symptoms have made my regular activities more difficult and have caused me a great deal of distress.
and gamma-hydroxybutyric acid
and grasping of hair or clothing. intellectual disabilities. loss of skills may be connected to losing the ability to think
and hair color can range from white to brown. people of african descent who have albinism may have skin that is light brown or red brown and have freckles. for some people
and has a really strange odour. i have also been experiencing temperature changes very regularly
and has blisters that are bleeding clear pus. it is really painful.
and has odd
and have a racing pulse
and have a yellow ooze.
and have difficulty getting rid of things. as you grow older
and have had impaired eyesight and an increased appetite.
and having infertility problems in females. fertility issues can sometimes occur in males. nonclassic cah often there are no symptoms of nonclassic cah when a baby is born. some people with nonclassic cah never have symptoms. the condition is not identified on routine infant blood screening and usually becomes evident in late childhood or early adulthood. cortisol may be the only hormone that's deficient. cah cah females who have nonclassic cah may have typical-appearing genitals at birth. later in life
and headache. i'm having a hard time staying hydrated.
and heavy drinkers get most of their calories from alcohol. additional signs and symptoms that occur with severe alcoholic hepatitis include: fluid accumulation in your abdomen (ascites) confusion and behavior changes due to a buildup of toxins normally broken down and eliminated by the liver kidney and liver failure
and hurtful and revengeful behavior. odd angry and irritable mood angry and irritable mood often and easily loses temper. is frequently touchy and easily annoyed by others. is often angry and resentful. argumentative and defiant behavior argumentative and defiant behavior often argues with adults or people in authority. often actively defies or refuses to follow adults' requests or rules. often annoys or upsets people on purpose. often blames others for their own mistakes or misbehavior. hurtful and revengeful behavior hurtful and revengeful behavior says mean and hateful things when upset. tries to hurt the feelings of others and seeks revenge
and i also have a lot of nodular eruptions and really bad itching. it has gotten worse over the last week.
and i am also feeling quite weak. i think i may have anemia.
and i am experiencing facial pressure. my chest hurts
and i can see visible veins on my calf.
and i can't breathe well. my heart is racing
and i can't catch my breath. i'm sweating and shivering
and i can't control my need to pee.
and i can't eat. i feel like throwing up. i also have some red spots on my arms.
and i can't seem to get enough sleep. i also have a rash on my neck that itches really bad.
and i can't seem to get rid of it.
and i can't seem to shake it. i've also lost my appetite because of the vomiting and nausea. my stomach is also hurting me.
and i can't seem to shake this cough. when i cough
and i can't sleep. i've been shaking and shivering all over. sometimes i feel lightheaded.
and i can't sleep. my muscles are twitching and trembling
and i can't sleep. my whole body shakes and twitches. sometimes i feel lightheaded.
and i can't stop coughing. it hurts in my chest when i do
and i cough a lot. my head hurts all the time.
and i don't feel like eating. i often feel full
and i don't know why.
and i feel cold and tired. i'm also about to cough up some brown phlegm.
and i feel dizzy.
and i feel exhausted all the time.
and i feel full even after eating a small meal. i also have heartburn
and i feel full even after eating a small meal. i often have heartburn
and i feel queasy. i've also been sweating a lot.
and i feel really sick to my stomach.
and i feel really tired. i have a lot of gunk in my nose and throat
and i feel really weak and nauseous.
and i feel really weak and tired. i have a high fever
and i feel sick to my stomach. i'm also having trouble concentrating and focusing on my work.
and i feel tired all the time.
and i feel unstable and have balance issues. i also have trouble focusing.
and i feel weak and lethargic.
and i frequently get little lumps that look like nodules.
and i frequently get nauseous
and i get body marks.
and i get dizzy and lightheaded a lot.
and i get infections easily. my joints are in a lot of pain
and i get wheezing and breathing problems. i also have headaches and fevers. i'm always tired.
and i have a burning sensation and redness of the skin. i am also feeling a little bit feverish and have a headache.
and i have a cough that won't go away. my fever is really high
and i have a dry
and i have a fever.
and i have a fever. i feel really bad.
and i have a fever. i've been coughing up a lot of mucus
and i have a fever. my urine is dark
and i have a hard time breathing. my chest hurts
and i have a headache.
and i have a high fever. i also have rashes on my arms and red spots on my neck.
and i have a high temperature.
and i have a hoarse voice. my head hurts all the time.
and i have a mild headache.
and i have a rash that's really red and irritating.
and i have a rash that's red and inflamed.
and i have a really high fever. i'm sweating a lot and feeling really cold and tired. my heart is beating really fast
and i have also had trouble keeping my balance. i have also had a headache that has not gone away.
and i have also noticed that i have been getting headaches more frequently.
and i have bad breath. i also burp a lot.
and i have been feeling sick to my stomach. i have also been having trouble seeing clearly.
and i have been itching all over. my skin has turned yellow
and i have chills and a high fever.
and i have dandruff. my skin is also dry.
and i have lost a lot of weight. my skin has turned yellow
and i have lost a lot of weight. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i have also been having abdominal pain.
and i have lost my appetite. i also feel uneasy and have a pain in my back and muscles.
and i have lost my sight.
and i have lost weight. my skin is yellow and my urine is dark. i have also been having abdominal pain.
and i have muscular weakness. i also feel uncomfortable when i walk.
and i have no sense of smell.
and i have noticed some red
and i have palpitations. my throat hurts sometimes
and i have rashy places all over my body. there are also some regions that don't appear to be the normal color of my skin
and i have some brownish sputum.
and i have some bumps that are kind of hard.
and i have some lumps or bumps on my skin that weren't there before.
and i have some painful lumps.
and i have these rashy blotches all over my skin. there are also some areas that are darker than the rest of my skin
and i have this cough that just won't quit. it hurts when i cough
and i have trouble balancing. my neck hurts too.
and i just can't seem to shake this cold. my nose is always running
and i just feel really sick.
and i keep coughing up this gunk. i have a scratchy
and i often feel like i have heartburn. i also have a sour taste in my mouth.
and i often feel like i have to clear my throat. i also have a bad taste in my mouth and my breath smells bad.
and i often feel like i have to clear my throat. i also have bad breath and a bad taste in my mouth.
and i sometimes feel lightheaded and dizzy.
and i sometimes feel sick.
and i sometimes get dizzy and lightheaded.
and i sometimes throw up.
and i think it's because i'm overweight. i get tired after a while of working.
and i'm also feeling dizzy and unsteady on my feet.
and i'm always thirsty.
and i'm coughing up a lot of mucus. i also have a fever and feel really weak and exhausted.
and i'm coughing up a lot of phlegm. my chest hurts
and i'm coughing up a lot of sputum. i'm also sweating
and i'm coughing up all this gunk. my throat is sore
and i'm coughing up brown stuff.
and i'm dizzy and nauseous. my head is pounding
and i'm exhausted. i occasionally get palpitations or a racing heart.
and i'm exhausted. i've been coughing up a lot of thick
and i'm exhausted. my throat is scratchy
and i'm feeling anxious and irritated. i've also been having trouble seeing things clearly.
and i'm feeling really tired. i'm not sure what's going on
and i'm feeling really weak. i'm not sure what's wrong with me
and i'm having a hard time staying hydrated. i also have a mild fever and stomach pain.
and i'm having trouble breathing. i feel weak and tired.
and i'm having trouble breathing. i'm also really weak and tired
and i'm having trouble staying awake during the day.
and i'm not as strong as i used to be.
and i'm perspiring a lot. i've been uncomfortable from nausea and muscle ache
and i'm really angry and frustrated.
and i'm really tired.
and i'm really tired. i have a fever
and i'm really tired. i'm also about to cough up some brown phlegm.
and i'm really weak and tired. it's hard for me to concentrate on my daily life.
and i'm so tired. i can't seem to shake this cough
and i'm so tired. i've been coughing up a lot of thick
and i'm so tired. my heart is racing
and i'm so tired. my skin is yellow
and i'm sweating a lot. my muscles are sore
and i'm tired all the time. i don't want to eat anything.
and i'm unable to smell anything.
and i've also been getting acid reflux and indigestion after i eat.
and i've also been having chest pain and dizziness.
and i've also been having trouble concentrating.
and i've also fainted a few times. i've also noticed that it's hard for me to focus.
and i've also noticed a change in my vision. i think it might be a migraine.
and i've also noticed that my sex drive has decreased. i'm also having a hard time thinking clearly.
and i've been constipated. i also have a high fever and chills.
and i've been coughing a lot. i also have a fever
and i've been coughing a lot. i'm also really tired and i don't feel like eating much.
and i've been coughing a lot. i'm also really tired. i've been coughing up a lot of thick
and i've been coughing a lot. i've also been running a fever
and i've been coughing a lot. i've been coughing up a lot of thick
and i've been coughing a lot. my arms and legs are weak
and i've been coughing a lot. my fever is also pretty high.
and i've been coughing up a lot of brown phlegm.
and i've been coughing up a lot of mucous. i'm also feeling really tired and weak.
and i've been coughing up a lot of phlegm. i've also been feeling really tired and weak
and i've been coughing up a lot of phlegm. my lymph nodes are also swollen.
and i've been feeling dizzy and off balance.
and i've been feeling dizzy and off-balance.
and i've been feeling dizzy. i've also had a headache and chest pain.
and i've been feeling lightheaded and shaky. i also have a dry cough
and i've been feeling lightheaded. i've also been having trouble standing still.
and i've been feeling really nauseous and achy.
and i've been feeling really tired. my skin and my urine have turned yellow
and i've been feeling very exhausted. i've also been producing a lot of mucus when i cough.
and i've been getting hungry more often. i've also been feeling very tired.
and i've been getting these itchy red spots all over my body. i'm not sure what's wrong with me
and i've been getting yeast infections a lot.
and i've been going to the bathroom a lot more than usual.
and i've been having chills
and i've been having chills and a fever. my chest hurts
and i've been having chills and nausea. i've been sweating a lot and i have a really high fever. i feel sick to my stomach and i have a headache. my muscles are really sore.
and i've been having problems keeping my balance. i've also noticed that my concentration and focus have been slipping.
and i've been having problems with vertigo and balance loss. i've also been having a persistent cough
and i've been having stomach pain.
and i've been having trouble balancing. i've also had a headache that won't go away.
and i've been having trouble breathing. i've also been having chills and a fever. i've been feeling really weak and tired. i've also been coughing up a lot of phlegm.
and i've been having trouble breathing. i've also been sweating a lot and feeling weak and tired. i've had some thick
and i've been having trouble concentrating and focusing.
and i've been having trouble concentrating.
and i've been having trouble losing weight. i've also been feeling really thirsty
and i've been having trouble staying balanced and without getting lightheaded.
and i've been having trouble staying balanced. i've also been having numbness in my arms and legs.
and i've been hungry all the time.
and i've been perspiring a lot. i've also been experiencing chills
and i've been perspiring a lot. i've been feeling really nauseous and my muscles ache.
and i've been producing a lot of mucus.
and i've been really tired. my skin and my urine have turned yellow. i've also been having stomach pain.
and i've been running a fever.
and i've been sneezing a lot.
and i've been struggling to breathe. i've also been sweating a lot and feeling really weak and tired. i've also had some thick
and i've been throwing up. i feel really weak and tired
and i've been throwing up. i've also been having chills
and i've been throwing up. i've also been shivering and my skin is really itchy. i have a headache and my muscles hurt.
and i've been vomiting a lot. i can't eat anything because of the pain.
and i've developed a yellow rash. my stomach hurts
and i've experienced a few lumps that are quite painful.
and i've experienced some firm lumps.
and i've got a headache. i'm also feeling really tired and achy.
and i've got a nasty cough. i've also got a lot of chills and a high temperature.
and i've had some bumps that are kind of hard. i'm not sure what it is
and i've had some painful lumps.
and i've had this pressure in my sinuses that won't go away. i'm always feeling tired and i've been having a lot of trouble breathing. i've also had a lot of gunk in my throat and my lymph nodes are swollen.
and i've lost my appetite. my arms
and i've noticed some bumps that look like little nodes.
and i've spotted several lumps that resemble little nodes.
and if a fever and rashes are prominent features. like other forms of arthritis
and improves or resolves when one eye is closed face and throat muscles in about 15% of people with myasthenia gravis
and in nearly all cases
and in people taking medications that suppress their natural immunity
and in some children
and inability to delegate tasks neglect of friends and enjoyable activities because of excessive commitment to work or a project inability to discard broken or worthless objects rigid and stubborn inflexible about morality
and include: itching and irritation in the vagina and vulva a burning sensation
and indigestion.
and indigestion. i've also been feeling melancholy
and instability. i've also been having a chronic cough and limb weakness.
and intense itching. i also have a headache and am sweating a lot. i'm feeling nauseous
and intense itching. i also have a headache and i'm sweating a lot. i've been feeling nauseous and my muscles are aching.
and intense itching. i've also been vomiting and have a headache. i've been sweating a lot and feel really uncomfortable.
and intense itching. i've also been vomiting and sweating a lot. i have a headache and my muscles are sore.
and intense itching. i've also been vomiting and sweating a lot. my head hurts and i feel nauseous and achy all over.
and intense scratching. my muscles hurt a lot
and is often fatal
and is often the first drug tried. signs and symptoms of recent use can include: a sense of euphoria or feeling "high" a heightened sense of visual
and issues with school and work. psychotic symptoms such as delusions and hallucinations may occur. the course of this form varies
and it can be life-threatening. atypical genitalia. female infants may have atypical genitalia appearance
and it can get worse when i'm stressed or if i'm exposed to certain triggers
and it can last 2 to 4 weeks. signs and symptoms of contact dermatitis vary widely and may include: an itchy rash leathery patches that are darker than usual (hyperpigmented)
and it can last for many years. although problems with movement continue
and it feels like my bladder is about to explode when i urinate. i've also been feeling very weak and have had a low body temperature since these symptoms started.
and it gets worse at night. my pee smells bad.
and it gets worse when i move my joints. i've also noticed some red
and it hurts a lot.
and it hurts in my chest. i can't smell anything
and it hurts to cough. i can't smell anything
and it hurts when i breathe deeply. i'm also feeling really cold and tired
and it hurts when i cough. my chest aches
and it hurts when i do. sometimes i see blood in my pee
and it hurts when i do. the pain is always there
and it hurts. i've also been peeing blood. what should i do?
and it is hard for me to swallow since food gets caught in my throat. my upper abdomen is in discomfort.
and it is really annoying. i sometimes get headaches and watery eyes because of the swelling.
and it is spreading all over my body. the rash is also accompanied by intense itching
and it keeps me up at night.
and it may be hidden within the vagina or rectum. the chancre will heal on its own within three to six weeks. secondary syphilis within a few weeks of the original chancre healing
and it remains uncertain whether it occurs in children older than 5 years. signs and symptoms may include: unexplained withdrawal
and it seems to be getting worse. i'm also always tired and worn out
and it seems to be getting worse. i'm also really tired all the time
and it should never be taken lightly. unfortunately
and it smells really bad. i'm worried that i have an infection. what should i do?
and it sometimes breaks out into a rash. i also have some weird areas of skin that are a different color than the rest of me
and it's been accompanied by abdominal cramps and bloating.
and it's been accompanied with a rash that looks to be getting worse over time. there are also some patches of skin that are different colours from the rest of the skin
and it's been getting worse. i also feel dizzy and lightheaded sometimes. i'm not sure what's going on
and it's been getting worse. i also have chest pain and dizziness. i'm having trouble concentrating and focusing.
and it's been getting worse. i also have chest pain and dizziness. i'm having trouble concentrating on my work.
and it's been getting worse. i'm also really itchy
and it's been getting worse. i've also been having chills
and it's been hard to move around. i've also been feeling really tired and weak.
and it's been radiating down my arms and legs. i've also been having trouble staying balanced and experiencing dizziness. my neck hurts
and it's been really hard to walk. i've also lost my appetite
and it's bloody. my head hurts
and it's covered in dry
and it's getting thinner. my scalp is dry and itchy
and it's hard for me to breathe. i've been sweating a lot and feeling weak and sick. i've had some thick
and it's hard for me to get aroused. i also have brain fog and feel confused a lot.
and it's hard for me to move without getting stiff. walking is also unpleasant.
and it's hard for me to sleep. i also feel really anxious and have no appetite.
and it's hard for me to walk without getting stiff. walking has been extremely uncomfortable.
and it's hard to breathe. i also cough up a lot of mucous.
and it's hard to breathe. i'm also really tired and exhausted. i've been coughing up a lot of thick
and it's hard to breathe. i'm tired all the time
and it's hard to breathe. i've also been coughing up a lot of thick
and it's hard to breathe. i've been coughing up a lot of mucus.
and it's hard to move around. walking is uncomfortable.
and it's hard to swallow. i feel full even after eating a small meal. i also have nausea
and it's interfering with your work
and it's just been really hard to deal with all of this.
and it's not unusual to experience a specific phobia about more than one object or situation. specific phobias can also occur along with other types of anxiety disorders. common categories of specific phobias are a fear of: situations
and it's often covered with a white coating early in the disease. signs and symptoms of scarlet fever also include: fever of 100.4 f (38.0 c) or higher
and it's oozing yellow fluid.
and it's really hard to breathe. i'm also really tired and weak
and it's really itchy. i also have some spots where the color of my skin is different
and it's really itchy. i have some bumps that are quite firm
and it's really urgent when i do.
and it's spreading to other parts of my body. i also have a fever.
and it's spreading to other parts of my body. i also have a high fever every night.
and it's starting to hurt when i cough. my chest feels tight
and it's starting to worry me. i also have a headache
and it's unknown why some people with liver disease develop hepatopulmonary syndrome while others do not. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff hepatopulmonary syndrome care at mayo clinic
and it's unlikely to get better without treatment.
and it's worse after i eat. i also have a bitter or sour aftertaste in my mouth sometimes.
and it's worse in some places
and itching on my skin.
and itchy. it is spreading and causing a lot of discomfort.
and knees for a few weeks now. the pain is usually aching and throbbing
and knees.
and last for hours. some children may experience fears and anxiety. other unusual behaviors. these may include
and legs. i've also been having trouble staying balanced and without getting woozy.
and lesions may form in the throat
and less often in the face
and lightheadedness. it is hard for me to concentrate at work.
and lightheadedness. it's been hard to concentrate at work.
and limb weakness. i also have balance and dizzy concerns
and limb weakness. i also have disorientation and balance loss
and limb weakness. i've been feeling neck pain as well as a dizzy and unstable sensation.
and limbs. i also have been coughing a lot and i feel dizzy and off balance.
and making a fist might hurt. weakness. you may have weakness in your hands and wrists. numbness or tingling. these sensations might radiate into one or more fingers — usually the ring and little fingers. the pain of golfer's elbow can come on suddenly or gradually. the pain might worsen with certain movements
and many patients with fibromyalgia have other sleep disorders
and may include any of the following: enlarged hands and feet enlarged facial features
and may include: cough
and may include: difficulty walking difficulty maintaining balance loss of muscle coordination loss of muscle tone or weakness loss of fine motor skills
and may include: increased thirst frequent urination
and may include: neck pain and stiffness worsening of pain with neck movement loss of range of motion in the neck headaches
and may include: pain or tenderness redness or bruising limited motion muscle spasms swelling muscle weakness when to see the doctor mild strains can be treated at home. see a doctor if your symptoms worsen despite treatment — especially if your pain becomes intolerable
and may include: severe stomach pain persistent vomiting bleeding from your gums or nose blood in your urine
and may include: skin lesions. most people with cryoglobulinemia develop purplish skin lesions on their legs. in some people
and may indicate suspected cas. cas as children produce more speech
and may judge yourself severely and harshly for your self-perceived flaws. you may be at a normal weight or even a bit overweight. binge-eating disorder when you have binge-eating disorder
and may not tolerate changes in routine. they may also develop obsessive-compulsive or repetitive behaviors
and medications. certain activities or conditions can make symptoms worse
and medullary thyroid cancer. close close close multiple endocrine neoplasia
and medullary thyroid cancer. close multiple endocrine neoplasia
and medullary thyroid cancer. men 2b symptoms of men 2 depend on the type of tumor. people who have men 2b have a unique appearance. they may have bumps on the tongue
and medullary thyroid cancer. multiple endocrine neoplasia
and medullary thyroid cancer. people with men 2b have tumors of nerves in the lips
and men may not have much facial hair and their voices may never fully deepen. poor growth and physical development. underproduction of growth hormone can result in short adult height
and migraines most commonly last hours to a day or two.
and most are gone by age 10. the skin may be slightly discolored or raised after the hemangioma goes away.
and most children outgrow them. but if your child has a persistent
and most people recover fully. signs and symptoms of the zika virus most commonly include: mild fever rash joint pain
and mucous membranes of the urethra
and muscle aches.
and muscle pain. i've also been sweating a lot.
and muscle weakness.
and muscle weakness. i also have dizziness and balance issues
and muscle weakness. i also have dizziness and uneven balance
and muscle weakness. i'm also dizzy and losing my balance
and my arms and legs are numb. i've also been having problems with my balance and vertigo.
and my back is covered in red spots.
and my breathing is getting harder. i also cough up a lot of mucus.
and my chest feels tight. i can't smell anything
and my chest feels tight. i feel tired and achy
and my chest feels tight. i've also been coughing a lot
and my chest feels tight. i've also been coughing up a lot of gross-looking mucus.
and my chest hurts. i'm coughing up thick
and my chest hurts. my heart has been racing
and my chest hurts. my muscles are also really achy.
and my dry
and my entire body itches. my skin may be dry and flaky at times
and my eyes are always red and itchy. i feel unwell and fatigued
and my eyes are burning red. my nose is really clogged
and my eyes are constantly watering. my nose is stuffy
and my face hurts. i've been coughing up phlegm
and my face swells up too.
and my fever is really high. i'm coughing up a lot of mucus
and my fever is really high. i'm sweating and shivering. my heart is racing
and my hair's texture has changed a lot. my dandruff is getting worse
and my head hurts so much. i can't control when i need to pee.
and my head hurts. my muscles are also really sore.
and my heart feels like it's racing. i've been coughing up a lot of gross
and my heart is beating really fast. when i cough
and my heart is pounding. i've been coughing up mucus that's a rusty brown color.
and my heart is racing.
and my heart is racing. i can't think straight
and my heart is racing. i've also been coughing up some phlegm that's a weird color.
and my heart is racing. the mucus i'm coughing up is a disgusting brownish color.
and my heart pounds really fast. i can't think straight
and my joints are swollen and stiff. it's hard to move around
and my joints are swollen. i can't move around very well
and my joints have enlarged. it's been difficult for me to move
and my lower abdomen hurts. i also have a low temperature and feel weak.
and my moods swing a lot.
and my muscles ache.
and my muscles are aching.
and my muscles are sore.
and my muscles are sore. i can't smell anything.
and my muscles are weak. my joints are swollen
and my muscles hurt a lot.
and my muscles hurt.
and my muscles hurt. i can't smell anything.
and my neck has been stiff. my joints are swollen and it's hard to move around. walking is really painful.
and my neck hurts.
and my neck is stiff. my joints are swollen
and my neck is tight. my joints are swollen and it hurts to move.
and my neck's lymph nodes are swollen.
and my nose is running. i'm also feeling really tired and achy
and my sinuses are completely blocked. i can't smell anything
and my skin also has a few red
and my skin has turned yellow. i also get stomach pain.
and my skin has turned yellow. i also have stomach pain.
and my skin is covered in rashy patches. there are also some areas where my skin doesn't look like its normal color
and my skin is covered in rashy places. there are a few spots where my skin doesn't appear to be its usual shade
and my skin is itchy. sometimes my skin is dry and flaky
and my skin is itchy. sometimes my skin is flaky
and my skin is really itchy. i have a headache
and my skin is really itchy. i've been having a headache
and my stomach has been hurting. i also had a fever last night.
and my stomach hurts really bad. i've been feeling this way for a few days now
and my stomach hurts.
and my stomach hurts. i can't do anything physical because i'm so weak.
and my throat feels tingly. i also have dry
and my throat hurts. my neck also feels swollen.
and my throat is really scratchy. i also have muscle pain and heat. my whole body cramps up sometimes.
and my throat is sore. my nose has been running
and my throat itches. my muscles are hot and hurt
and my throat itches. my muscles are hot and painful
and my urine has been cloudy and smells strongly. i've also been feeling feverish.
and my urine is bloody. my head hurts a lot
and my urine is cloudy and has a strong smell. i've also been feeling nauseous and have been vomiting.
and my urine is dark. i have also been having abdominal pain.
and my urine is dark. i've also been having stomach pain.
and my urine is frequently black
and my urine smells really bad. i can't control when i have to go
and my urine smells terrible. i don't feel like i can control when i need to pee.
and my whole body can cramp up sometimes.
and my whole body is aching. i also have a loss of appetite and some red spots on my back and neck.
and nausea and vomiting.
and nausea.
and nausea. i've also been sweating a lot and have a headache. my muscles are sore and i feel sick.
and nausea. i've also been sweating a lot and have a headache. my muscles are sore and i've been scratching a lot.
and nausea. i've also been sweating a lot and my muscles hurt. i feel really queasy and have a headache.
and nauseous. i have a sore throat that makes it hard to breathe. i occasionally have chest pains at night and sometimes feel sick.
and neck are also in pain.
and neck. my chest feels tight and stressed.
and not a cough headache.
and not everyone who has auras remembers them. the aura is actually the first part of a focal seizure before consciousness is impaired. examples of auras include: a sudden sense of unprovoked fear or joy a deja vu experience — a feeling that what's happening has happened before a sudden or strange odor or taste a rising sensation in the abdomen
and now i can see a lot of veins on my calves. i'm worried about it.
and now i have anaemia and feel weak.
and numbness in my arms and legs. i've also had trouble staying balanced and experiencing dizziness. my neck hurts
and numbness in my arms and legs. my neck hurts too
and occasionally seizures. symptoms can be severe enough to impair your ability to function at work or in social situations. what is considered 1 drink? the national institute on alcohol abuse and alcoholism defines one standard drink as any one of these: 12 ounces (355 milliliters) of regular beer (about 5% alcohol) 8 to 9 ounces (237 to 266 milliliters) of malt liquor (about 7% alcohol) 5 ounces (148 milliliters) of wine (about 12% alcohol) 1.5 ounces (44 milliliters) of hard liquor or distilled spirits (about 40% alcohol)
and often at night. they include: intense joint pain. gout usually affects the big toe
and often get feverish. i have sudden and strong urges to pee. the pain is almost constant
and often increases at night time. my pee almost always has a foul smell. i also feel like i'm not emptying my bladder completely.
and on the legs in women. but it can also form on areas that rarely see the light of day — your palms
and one or both arms. pain that lasts more than a few minutes
and other causes. swelling of hands and feet. the swelling is caused by sickle-shaped red blood cells blocking blood circulation in the hands and feet. frequent infections. sickle cells can damage the spleen
and other factors. your symptoms may: get worse as the workweek progresses
and other heart problems.
and other problems. movement and coordination stiff muscles and exaggerated reflexes (spasticity)
and other signs and symptoms adverse events that are not allergic reactions you may experience side effects of penicillin — as happens with other medications — that are not an allergic reaction to the drug. depending on the type of penicillin
and other signs and symptoms drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (dress)
and pain can be severe. deep second-degree burns can cause scarring. 3rd-degree burn. this burn reaches to the fat layer beneath the skin. burned areas may be black
and pain is uncommon in the later stages. als doesn't usually affect your bladder control or your senses.
and painful. it is also blistering. i have also been experiencing flu-like symptoms
and painful. it is spreading all over my body.
and pains all over my body. i've also been having trouble focusing.
and people may have more than one cluster of symptom types. behavioral changes the most common signs of frontotemporal dementia involve extreme changes in behavior and personality. these include: increasingly inappropriate social behavior loss of empathy and other interpersonal skills
and people who have heart or breathing problems.
and poor coordination. you can also have periods called "blackouts
and problems functioning and coping with daily life. physical defects physical defects may include: distinctive facial features
and problems getting pregnant masculine characteristics such as facial hair
and purplish patches around the eyes
and pus-like discharge from one or both eyes. throat. signs and symptoms of a throat infection might include a sore throat and swollen lymph nodes in the neck. joints. if one or more joints become infected by bacteria (septic arthritis)
and rarely during naps. a sleep terror may lead to sleepwalking. during a sleep terror episode
and recur when you return to work. occur both at work and away from work. start as soon as you're exposed to an asthma-inducing substance at work or only after a period of regular exposure to the substance. continue after exposure is stopped. the longer you're exposed to the asthma-causing substance
and red spots all over my body. the spots are itchy and swollen.
and reflect an impaired ability to function. the effect can be disabling. in most people with schizophrenia
and regular headaches
and regurgitation may not be intentional. sometimes regurgitated food is rechewed and reswallowed or spit out. the disorder may result in malnutrition if the food is spit out or if the person eats significantly less to prevent the behavior. the occurrence of rumination disorder may be more common in infancy or in people who have an intellectual disability. avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder this disorder is characterized by failing to meet your minimum daily nutrition requirements because you don't have an interest in eating; you avoid food with certain sensory characteristics
and rehabilitation. 4th ed. philadelphia
and returning to sleep can be difficult. a nightmare may involve these features: your dream seems vivid and real and is very upsetting
and scalp. these patches are often itchy and sometimes painful.
and scaly. it is worse in the winter months when the air is dry. i have to moisturize more frequently and use humidifiers to keep my skin hydrated.
and seeing yourself as bad or as if you don't exist at all periods of stress-related paranoia and loss of contact with reality
and seems to prefer playing alone
and seizures may occur less often.
and sensitivity to light and sound.
and sensitivity to light and sound. migraine aura usually occurs within an hour before head pain begins and generally lasts less than 60 minutes. sometimes migraine aura occurs without headache
and sensitivity to light. i've also been feeling very irritable and impatient.
and sepsis may appear differently in children than in adults. symptoms of septic shock sepsis may progress to septic shock. septic shock is a severe drop in blood pressure. progression to septic shock raises the risk of death. symptoms of septic shock include: not being able to stand up. strong sleepiness or hard time staying awake. major change in mental status
and serious problems with lung and heart function. signs and symptoms may include: cough difficulty breathing low blood pressure irregular heart rate
and severe back pain.
and severe body itchiness. i feel queasy and have a headache. my muscles are in excruciating discomfort.
and severe itching. i also have a headache
and severe itching. i also have a headache and am sweating a lot. i feel awful and have nausea and muscle aches.
and severe itching. i also have a headache and am sweating a lot. my discomfort has also been accompanied by nausea and muscle pain.
and severe itching. i also have a headache and am sweating profusely. my discomfort has also been accompanied by nausea and muscle pain.
and severe itching. i also have a headache and have been sweating a lot. i've also been experiencing muscle aches.
and severe itching. i have a headache and i'm also sweating a lot. i've been feeling nauseous and my muscles are aching.
and severe itching. i've also been sweating a lot and have a headache. i've also been feeling nauseous and have muscle aches.
and severe itching. i've also been sweating a lot and have a headache. i've also been feeling nauseous and my muscles ache.
and severe itching. i've also been vomiting and sweating a lot. i have a headache and my muscles are sore.
and severe itching. i've also been vomiting and sweating a lot. i have a headache and nausea
and severe itching. i've also had a headache
and severe muscle pain. i also have a headache and i'm sweating a lot.
and severe weakness and numbness up to a certain level in your body. if the level of injury includes your neck
and shaky. my throat is swollen
and shock swelling of the tongue and throat
and shortness of breath. i've also been coughing up a lot of thick
and significant weight loss.
and signs and symptoms of disease vary widely
and signs of uveitis are observed on a routine eye exam. the uvea is the middle layer of tissue in the wall of the eye. it consists of the iris
and sites may vary over time an increasing sense of tension before pulling
and some areas that are a darker shade from the rest of my skin. it's really unpleasant.
and some can occur for days after the injury
and some children don't show any obvious signs. but most children with wilms' tumor experience one or more of these signs and symptoms: an abdominal mass you can feel abdominal swelling abdominal pain other signs and symptoms may include: fever blood in the urine nausea or vomiting or both constipation loss of appetite shortness of breath high blood pressure
and some have signs of lower than normal intelligence. other children with the disorder have normal to high intelligence — they learn quickly
and some lumps and knot-like pimples.
and some people may experience symptom-free periods. although signs and symptoms of interstitial cystitis may resemble those of a chronic urinary tract infection
and sometimes
and sometimes can cause weight loss.
and sometimes i get little bumps that look like nodules.
and sometimes i get little pimples that look like nodules.
and sometimes i have trouble swallowing.
and sometimes it turns into a rash. there are also some weird patches of skin that are a different color than the rest of me
and sometimes my whole body cramps up.
and sometimes on the roof of your mouth
and sometimes smell and touch nausea and vomiting post-drome after a migraine attack
and sometimes the genitals itching blisters that break to form scabs or crusts lacy white patches in the mouth or on the lips or tongue painful sores in the mouth or vagina hair loss change in scalp color nail damage or loss
and sometimes they're different colors than the rest of my skin. i also get these weird bumps that look like little balls.
and sometimes visible blood in your urine
and spontaneous sensory symptoms such as tingling
and stay up to date on research advancements
and stiffness in my arms and legs. i've also had problems staying balanced and experience dizziness. my neck hurts
and stomach problems. i also have a stiff neck
and suicidal thoughts and behaviors there are three major dissociative disorders defined in the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders (dsm-5)
and swallowing air. these problems tend to occur during waking hours. other breathing disturbances such as shallow breathing or short periods of stopping breathing (apnea) can occur during sleep. irritability and crying. children with rett syndrome may become increasingly agitated and irritable as they get older. periods of crying or screaming may begin suddenly
and swallowing is difficult for me since food gets stuck in my throat. i'm experiencing pain in my upper abdomen.
and sweating. however
and swelling all over my face and body. i also have a runny nose and sneezing.
and swelling in the arms or legs when a blood clot results. inflammation in the large arteries can lead to complications
and swelling near the heel an inability to bend the foot downward or "push off" the injured leg when walking an inability to stand on the toes on the injured leg a popping or snapping sound when the injury occurs when to see your doctor seek medical advice immediately if you hear a pop in your heel
and swollen lymph nodes. i feel weak and fatigued. i'm having trouble concentrating because of the fever.
and symptoms don't always occur in the same order. you may be infected with syphilis without noticing any symptoms for years. primary syphilis the first sign of syphilis is a small sore
and symptoms may vary over time. mania and hypomania mania and hypomania are two distinct types of episodes
and symptoms usually clear within two to five days.
and symptoms vary with each stage. but the stages may overlap
and temporary or permanent nail loss. eyes. rarely
and tender lymph nodes in the neck or armpits. people with the condition also may become extra sensitive to light
and tends to gradually worsen.
and that they may or may not be your own memories derealization symptoms symptoms of derealization include: feelings of being alienated from or unfamiliar with your surroundings — for example
and that your shoe size has progressively increased. acromegaly may also cause gradual changes in your face's shape
and the adult worms typically live in the intestines until they die. in mild or moderate ascariasis
and the blisters can take two to three weeks to heal completely. recurrences typically appear at the same spot each time and tend to be less severe than the first outbreak. in a first-time outbreak
and the cervix. in men
and the fists are clenched. muscle rigidity in the neck and abdomen may cause breathing difficulties. these severe spasms may be triggered by minor events that stimulate the senses — a loud sound
and the membranes that protect the brain and spinal cord (meninges). signs and symptoms of disseminated disease depend on the body parts affected and may include: nodules
and the more painful symptoms may not emerge until adulthood. the world health organization (who) has identified five stages in the development of trachoma: inflammation — follicular. the early infection has five or more follicles — small bumps that contain lymphocytes
and the muscles suddenly contract and cause the person to fall down. this phase tends to last about 10 to 20 seconds. clonic phase. the muscles go into rhythmic contractions
and the pain should lessen with time. if you develop new or worsening pain in the days after your tooth extraction
and the pelvic bones are affected as well. the kidneys
and the person can afford to buy them. the stolen items are usually stashed away
and the severity of symptoms can fluctuate from day to day. in addition to fatigue
and the shoulder's ability to move becomes limited. this stage lasts from 2 to 9 months. frozen stage. pain might lessen during this stage. however
and the skin may be flaky or scaly.
and the skin on my knees and elbows is peeling off.
and the stress causes significant problems in your life. adjustment disorders affect how you feel and think about yourself and the world and may also affect your actions or behavior. some examples include: feeling sad
and the surrounding breast tissue may be tender. a breast cyst may appear before your menstrual period and get smaller or disappear afterward. fibrocystic breast changes. with fibrocystic breast changes
and the teen years can bring worse behavioral and emotional problems.
and the two conditions may occur at the same time. bile reflux signs and symptoms include: upper abdominal pain that may be severe frequent heartburn — a burning sensation in your chest that sometimes spreads to your throat
and the virus remains contagious until all broken blisters have crusted over. the disease is generally mild in healthy children. in severe cases
and the world may seem unreal (derealization). you may experience depersonalization
and then it continues more gradually. eventually muscles become weak or stiff
and then spreads to other parts of your body. as the disease advances and nerve cells are destroyed
and then try to rid yourself of the extra calories in an unhealthy way. because of guilt
and there are some darkened spots and a few tiny
and there is a yellow colored fluid coming out of the sores.
and there may be some improvement in hand use and communication. seizures may begin in this stage and generally don't occur before the age of 2. stage 4: late motor deterioration. this stage usually begins after the age of 10 and can last for years or decades. it's marked by reduced mobility
and they are itchy. some of the spots are a different color than my skin. i also have some lumps or pimples on my skin.
and they are really bad. i also have some vision problems
and they can range from mild to severe. baby blues symptoms symptoms of baby blues — which last only a few days to a week or two after your baby is born — may include: mood swings anxiety sadness irritability feeling overwhelmed crying reduced concentration appetite problems trouble sleeping postpartum depression symptoms postpartum depression may be mistaken for baby blues at first — but the symptoms are more intense and last longer. these may eventually interfere with your ability to care for your baby and handle other daily tasks. symptoms usually develop within the first few weeks after giving birth. but they may begin earlier — during pregnancy — or later — up to a year after birth. postpartum depression symptoms may include: depressed mood or severe mood swings crying too much difficulty bonding with your baby withdrawing from family and friends loss of appetite or eating much more than usual inability to sleep
and they may actually get worse over time. try to seek professional help before your anxiety becomes severe — it may be easier to treat early on.
and they may appear clustered or lined up in rough rows. bedbug bites it can be difficult to tell bedbug bites from other types of insect bites. however
and they may appear clustered or lined up in rough rows. bedbug bites open pop-up dialog box bedbug bites open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close bedbug bites bedbug bites it can be difficult to tell bedbug bites from other types of insect bites. however
and they may appear clustered or lined up in rough rows. close bedbug bites bedbug bites it can be difficult to tell bedbug bites from other types of insect bites. however
and they may appear clustered or lined up in rough rows. close close close bedbug bites bedbug bites it can be difficult to tell bedbug bites from other types of insect bites. however
and they may appear clustered or lined up in rough rows. it can be difficult to tell bedbug bites from other types of insect bites. however
and they may appear clustered or lined up in rough rows. symptoms of bedbug bites are similar to symptoms of other insect bites and rashes. bedbug bites are usually: inflamed spots
and they may continue into adulthood. adhd adhd adhd adhd occurs more often in males than in females
and they may feel floppy or like rag dolls when they're held. distinct facial features. children may be born with almond-shaped eyes
and they may feel reluctant to seek help. symptoms of depression may be different or less obvious in older adults
and they may have difficulty moving smoothly to the next sound. cas many children with cas also have language problems
and they may vary from person to person. some people make their intentions clear
and they normally help your body fight germs. doctors don't know why the cells attack the skin. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff cutaneous t-cell lymphoma care at mayo clinic
and they often recur. people with lewy body dementia might hallucinate shapes
and they rarely cause discomfort. but straining or irritation when passing stool can cause: painless bleeding during bowel movements. you might notice small amounts of bright red blood on your toilet tissue or in the toilet. a hemorrhoid to push through the anal opening (prolapsed or protruding hemorrhoid)
and they usually worsen over time
and they vary from person to person. signs and symptoms of primary immunodeficiency can include: frequent and recurrent pneumonia
and they're all swollen. i'm also having trouble moving around because of the stiffness.
and they're getting worse. i also have a sore neck
and they're significant enough to cause impairment and warrant medical evaluation. symptoms can affect body movement and function and the senses. signs and symptoms that affect body movement and function may include: weakness or paralysis abnormal movement
and this cough won't go away. it hurts in my chest when i cough
and this form does not always impact life expectancy. signs and symptoms progress slowly and can include: muscle weakness clumsiness and loss of coordination tremors and muscle spasms loss of the ability to walk problems speaking and swallowing psychiatric disorders sometimes loss of mental function
and throwing up a lot. my skin has turned yellow
and tingling in my throat.
and tingling in your hands and feet
and tired. i've also had a fever and lost weight. my skin and urine have turned yellow
and to understand written and spoken language. some people develop substantial difficulty forming sounds to speak (a problem called apraxia of speech)
and today i also started to feel dizzy and lightheaded.
and torso for the past few weeks.
and trouble concentrating.
and trouble concentrating. i'm also feeling off balance.
and trouble concentrating. i've also noticed that my balance has been off.
and trouble standing up straight. i also feel like i can't concentrate as well as i used to.
and trouble with my balance. it has also been hard for me to focus and concentrate.
and typically produces symptoms related to its location. nhnd these aggressive symptoms can include: difficulty walking
and understand which information is beneficial
and up to two drinks a day for men age 65 and younger. stop smoking. talk to your doctor about ways to quit that may work for you. exercise most days of the week. try to get at least 30 minutes of exercise on most days. if you've been inactive
and urgency to defecate. pancolitis. this type often affects the entire colon and causes bouts of bloody diarrhea that may be severe
and usually last less than 30 minutes. these episodes may occur frequently or be separated by weeks or months of nonaggression. less severe verbal outbursts may occur in between episodes of physical aggression. you may be irritable
and vision problems ear inflammation and hearing problems for some people
and visual distortion.
and visual disturbance
and visual disturbance.
and visual disturbance. i have also been having stomach problems
and vomiting. i also have a headache and have been perspiring a lot. additionally
and vomiting. i'm also sweating a lot and have a headache. i feel nauseous and my muscles are really sore.
and vomiting. i've also been sweating a lot and have a headache. i've also been feeling nauseous and my muscles are aching.
and walking has been a challenge.
and walking is especially painful.
and walking is really painful.
and walking is uncomfortable.
and ways to know if you're at risk and ways to treat it. cad cad who gets it? anyone can develop cad. it begins when fats
and ways to know if you're at risk and ways to treat it. who gets it? anyone can develop cad. it begins when fats
and we learn to cope with them over time. symptoms of adjustment disorder get better because the stress has eased. but sometimes the stressful event remains a part of your life. or a new stressful situation comes up
and weakness in my arms and legs. i also have neck pain and have been dizzy and have trouble balancing.
and weakness in my arms and legs. i also have vertigo and balance problems
and weakness in my arms and legs. i've also been feeling dizzy and unsteady on my feet
and weakness in my arms and legs. i've also been having neck pain and dizziness.
and weakness in my arms and legs. my neck hurts
and weakness in my arms and legs. my neck hurts and i have been dizzy and have trouble keeping my balance.
and weakness in my limbs. i also have problems with vertigo and losing my balance
and weakness in my limbs. i have also been feeling disoriented and weak on my feet
and weakness in my limbs. my neck is sore and i have been dizzy and have had trouble keeping my balance.
and weakness in my limbs. my neck is sore and i have been dizzy and off balance.
and weakness in my muscles. my neck hurts and i have been dizzy and have trouble balancing.
and weakness in my muscles. my neck is sore and i have been dizzy and unsteady.
and weakness or loss of movement (paralysis) on one side of your body weak pulse in one arm or thigh compared with the other leg pain difficulty walking
and when i do
and when. don't leave an unconscious person alone. because alcohol poisoning affects the way the gag reflex works
and whether you have underlying lung or heart disease. common symptoms include: shortness of breath. this symptom usually appears suddenly. trouble catching your breath happens even when resting and gets worse with physical activity. chest pain. you may feel like you're having a heart attack. the pain is often sharp and felt when you breathe in deeply. the pain can stop you from being able to take a deep breath. you also may feel it when you cough
and wider spacing between your teeth. because acromegaly tends to progress slowly
and wobbly. my throat is swollen and makes it hard for me to breathe. my chest hurts sometimes at night
and worn out. i've lost weight and have a fever. my urine is dark
and worn out. i've lost weight and have a temperature. my urine is dark
and you face the same emotional struggles all over again. talk to your doctor if you continue to struggle or if you're having trouble getting through each day. you can get treatment to help you cope better with stressful events and feel better about life again. if you have concerns about your child's adjustment or behavior
and you may awaken with a loud snort or gasping sound. you may sleep lightly due to disrupted sleep. this pattern of breathing pauses may be repeated many times during the night. people with obstructive sleep apnea usually experience periods when breathing slows or stops at least five times during every hour of sleep.
and you may continue eating even long after you're uncomfortably full. after a binge
and you may cough and wheeze. asthma attack if you have asthma
and you may cough and wheeze. asthma attack open pop-up dialog box asthma attack open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close asthma attack asthma attack if you have asthma
and you may cough and wheeze. close asthma attack asthma attack if you have asthma
and you may cough and wheeze. close close close asthma attack asthma attack if you have asthma
and you may cough and wheeze. if you have asthma
and you may cough and wheeze. occupational asthma signs and symptoms may include: wheezing
and you may feel as though you're possessed by other identities. each identity may have a unique name
and you may have trouble retaining saliva on that side of your mouth. the condition may also make it difficult to close the eye on the affected side of your face. close close close facial paralysis facial paralysis the nerve that controls your facial muscles passes through a narrow corridor of bone on its way to your face. facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop
and you may have trouble retaining saliva on that side of your mouth. the condition may also make it difficult to close the eye on the affected side of your face. close facial paralysis facial paralysis the nerve that controls your facial muscles passes through a narrow corridor of bone on its way to your face. facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop
and you may have trouble retaining saliva on that side of your mouth. the condition may also make it difficult to close the eye on the affected side of your face. facial paralysis open pop-up dialog box facial paralysis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close facial paralysis facial paralysis the nerve that controls your facial muscles passes through a narrow corridor of bone on its way to your face. facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop
and you may have trouble retaining saliva on that side of your mouth. the condition may also make it difficult to close the eye on the affected side of your face. facial paralysis the nerve that controls your facial muscles passes through a narrow corridor of bone on its way to your face. facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop
and you may have trouble retaining saliva on that side of your mouth. the condition may also make it difficult to close the eye on the affected side of your face. signs and symptoms of bell's palsy come on suddenly and may include: rapid onset of mild weakness to total paralysis on one side of your face — occurring within hours to days facial droop and difficulty making facial expressions
and you may have trouble retaining saliva on that side of your mouth. the condition may also make it difficult to close the eye on the affected side of your face. the nerve that controls your facial muscles passes through a narrow corridor of bone on its way to your face. facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop
and you may hear it in one or both ears. in some cases
and you may injure areas of the body that experience decreased sensation. sometimes the muscles in your feet may not receive your brain's signal to contract
and you may not even know you have a deviated septum. some septal deformities
and you may notice small areas of blood and crust on your skin at the site of the bite marks. see your doctor if improved hygiene doesn't remove the infestation
and you may only learn you have the condition after a pelvic exam performed by your doctor for another reason. if you do have signs and symptoms
and you may skip some periods. if you have a persistent change of seven days or more in the length of your menstrual cycle
and you might have a fever. if septic arthritis occurs in an artificial joint (prosthetic joint infection)
and you might have low amniotic fluid or other complications.
and you might hear popping or crackling. bone spurs. these extra bits of bone
and you probably didn't do it well. sudden loss of muscle tone. this condition is called cataplexy. it can cause slurred speech or complete weakness of most muscles. symptoms may last up to a few minutes. cataplexy can't be controlled. it's triggered by intense emotions. often the emotions that cause cataplexy are positive. laughter or excitement may cause the symptoms. but sometimes fear
and your age and overall health. mild signs and symptoms often are similar to those of a cold or flu
and your genital area. skin cancer affects people of all skin tones
and your writing may appear small.
angelman syndrome signs and symptoms include: developmental delays
anger
angina
angiosarcoma occurs in the skin on the head and neck. it often happens on the scalp. symptoms of this form of angiosarcoma include: a raised area of skin that looks like a bruise a bruise-like lesion that grows larger over time a lesion that may bleed when scratched or bumped swelling in the skin around the lesion angiosarcoma that affects organs when angiosarcoma affects organs
angiosarcoma signs and symptoms may vary based on where the cancer occurs. angiosarcoma that affects the skin most often
angry
angry or scared or during exercise. things that startle you — for example
angry outbursts or aggressive behavior overwhelming guilt or shame for children 6 years old and younger
animals or people. sound (auditory)
ankles
ankles and feet bloating of the abdomen due to fluid buildup cough while lying down difficulty lying flat to sleep fatigue heartbeats that feel rapid
ankles and feet chest pressure or pain
ankles and feet loss of muscle bulk in your legs and feet high foot arches curled toes (hammertoes) decreased ability to run difficulty lifting your foot at the ankle (footdrop) awkward or higher than normal step (gait) frequent tripping or falling decreased sensation or a loss of feeling in your legs and feet as charcot-marie-tooth disease progresses
ankles and feet rapid or irregular heartbeat (arrhythmias) shortness of breath
ankles and feet swelling of the belly area
ankles and feet wheezing partial defect the condition affects only the two upper heart chambers. symptoms of a partial atrioventricular canal defect may not appear until early adulthood. the symptoms may be due to complications such as heart valve problems
ankles and feet. pain may also occur in the heels
ankles and feet. rapid or irregular heartbeat. reduced ability to exercise. wheezing. a cough that doesn't go away or a cough that brings up white or pink mucus with spots of blood. swelling of the belly area. very rapid weight gain from fluid buildup. nausea and lack of appetite. difficulty concentrating or decreased alertness. chest pain if heart failure is caused by a heart attack.
ankles and hips a red rash on your legs
ankles and skin behind the knees
ankles or feet
ankles or feet heart disease symptoms caused by diseased heart muscle (cardiomyopathy) early stages of cardiomyopathy may not cause noticeable symptoms. as the condition worsens
ankles or feet heart disease symptoms caused by heart valve problems (valvular heart disease) the heart has four valves — the aortic
ankles or feet high levels of a waste product called creatinine in your blood
ankles or feet shortness of breath fatigue confusion nausea weakness irregular heartbeat chest pain or pressure seizures or coma in severe cases sometimes acute kidney failure causes no signs or symptoms and is detected through lab tests done for another reason.
ankles or wrists weakness in your legs that spreads to your upper body unsteady walking or inability to walk or climb stairs difficulty with facial movements
anus
anus and vagina.
anus or mouth painful ulcers that form when blisters rupture and ooze or bleed scabs that form as the ulcers heal painful urination discharge from the urethra
anxiety
anxiety about interacting with adults or peers may be shown by crying
anxiety and avoidance that interfere with relationships
anxiety and irritability loss of emotional control cognitive difficulties new or worsened high blood pressure headache infections skin darkening bone loss
anxiety and irritability rapid heartbeat
anxiety and irritability. tremor
anxiety and panic when exposed to or even thinking about the source of your fear awareness that your fears are unreasonable or exaggerated but feeling powerless to control them worsening anxiety as the situation or object gets closer to you in time or physical proximity doing everything possible to avoid the object or situation or enduring it with intense anxiety or fear difficulty functioning normally because of your fear physical reactions and sensations
anxiety or arousal leading up to the theft feeling pleasure
anxiety or avoidance. your fear and avoidance usually lasts six months or longer. panic disorder and agoraphobia some people have panic disorder in addition to agoraphobia. panic disorder is a type of anxiety disorder that includes panic attacks. a panic attack is a sudden feeling of extreme fear that reaches a peak within a few minutes and triggers a variety of intense physical symptoms. you might think that you're totally losing control
anxiety or deja vu symptoms vary depending on the type of seizure. in most cases
anxiety or paranoia changes in heart rate
anxious
any activity that puts pressure on your bladder can make involuntary urine loss more likely
any part of your small or large intestine can be involved. it may involve multiple segments
aortic dissection symptoms may be similar to those of other heart problems
aortic valve regurgitation develops gradually. you may have no signs or symptoms for years. you may be unaware that you have the condition. however
aphasia is a symptom of some other condition
appear restless or tired and without energy
appears as small
arched palate and crowded teeth heart murmurs extreme nearsightedness an abnormally curved spine flat feet
arching of the back and not wanting to eat. failure to thrive. chest or belly pain in older children.
are a major symptom of sickle cell anemia. pain develops when sickle-shaped red blood cells block blood flow through tiny blood vessels to your chest
are affected. atrophy is associated with the presence of abnormal proteins
are almost always to blame. these buildups narrow your arteries
are common
are described as: crawling creeping pulling throbbing aching itching electric sometimes the sensations are difficult to explain. people with rls usually don't describe the condition as a muscle cramp or numbness. they do
are sprayed on dried herbs and then smoked
are the most dramatic type of epileptic seizure. they can cause an abrupt loss of consciousness and body stiffening
aren't there. sweating problems
areola or both itching redness a tingling or burning sensation straw-colored or bloody nipple discharge a flattened or turned-in (inverted) nipple a lump in the breast thickening skin on the breast signs and symptoms usually occur in one breast only. the disease typically starts in the nipple and may spread to the areola and other areas of the breast. the skin changes may come and go early on or respond to topical treatment
argumentative and defiant behavior
arm flailing or jumping from bed
arm or face. it tends to remain focal or become segmental. occur during a specific action
arm or leg. this often affects just one side of the body. try to raise both your arms over your head at the same time. if one arm begins to fall
arm or leg. you may develop sudden numbness
armpit or neck about the size of a chicken egg tender and firm to the touch other bubonic plague signs and symptoms may include: sudden onset of fever and chills headache fatigue or malaise muscle aches septicemic plague septicemic plague occurs when plague bacteria multiply in your bloodstream. signs and symptoms include: fever and chills extreme weakness abdominal pain
armpits
armpits and groin. classic signs and symptoms that suggest you've moved from prediabetes to type 2 diabetes include: increased thirst frequent urination increased hunger fatigue blurred vision numbness or tingling in the feet or hands frequent infections slow-healing sores unintended weight loss
armpits and groin. eccrine sweat glands are involved in hyperhidrosis
armpits or groin abdominal pain or swelling chest pain
armpits or groin persistent fatigue fever night sweats shortness of breath unexplained weight loss itchy skin
arms
arms and back if you don't become ill or have symptoms from valley fever
arms and face fragile thin skin with changes in skin color (pigment) itching excessive hair growth in affected areas red or brown urine
arms and face. melanomas can also occur in areas that don't receive much sun exposure
arms and hands
arms and hands some people have no reaction to bedbug bites
arms and legs and may cause you to fall to the ground. atonic seizures. atonic seizures
arms and legs are often affected first
arms and legs itchiness a clear or scaly area inside the ring
arms and legs of infants and children younger than 2 years. bullous impetigo bullous impetigo causes fluid-filled blisters — often on the trunk
arms and legs of infants and children younger than 2 years. bullous impetigo causes fluid-filled blisters — often on the trunk
arms and legs of infants and children younger than 2 years. bullous impetigo open pop-up dialog box bullous impetigo open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close bullous impetigo bullous impetigo bullous impetigo causes fluid-filled blisters — often on the trunk
arms and legs of infants and children younger than 2 years. close bullous impetigo bullous impetigo bullous impetigo causes fluid-filled blisters — often on the trunk
arms and legs of infants and children younger than 2 years. close close close bullous impetigo bullous impetigo bullous impetigo causes fluid-filled blisters — often on the trunk
arms and legs of infants and children younger than 2 years. ecthyma open pop-up dialog box close ecthyma ecthyma a more serious form of impetigo
arms and legs. pushing on the reddened skin makes it turn pale. red lines. the folds of skin around the groin
arms and legs. the muscles involved in chewing
arms and legs. tonic-clonic seizures. tonic-clonic seizures
arms and legs. weakness in your legs can affect how you walk. weak neck muscles make it hard to hold up your head.
arms and scalp. it's made up of tiny scales that easily peel off when i scratch it.
arms and thighs. soft and doughy to the touch. they also move easily with slight finger pressure. generally small. lipomas are typically less than 2 inches (5 centimeters) in diameter
arms and throat fatigue or weakness other signs and symptoms associated with hypoparathyroidism can include: painful menstrual periods patchy hair loss dry
arms and trunk. people who have cervical dystonia may also develop bone spurs that may reduce the amount of space in the spinal canal. this can cause tingling
arms or legs a feeling of fullness soon after eating and bloating or pain in your left upper abdomen due to an enlarged spleen unusual bleeding
arms or legs of children bumps on the genitals
arms or legs. inverse psoriasis. inverse psoriasis mainly affects the skin folds of the groin
arms or legs. sore throat. this is one of the first symptoms of adult still's disease. the lymph nodes in your neck might be swollen and tender. achy and swollen joints. your joints — especially your knees and wrists — might be stiff
arms or legs. these spots are typically covered by a fine scale. close close close guttate psoriasis guttate psoriasis guttate psoriasis
arms or legs. these spots are typically covered by a fine scale. close guttate psoriasis guttate psoriasis guttate psoriasis
arms or legs. these spots are typically covered by a fine scale. guttate psoriasis
arms or legs. these spots are typically covered by a fine scale. guttate psoriasis guttate psoriasis
arms or legs. these spots are typically covered by a fine scale. guttate psoriasis open pop-up dialog box guttate psoriasis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close guttate psoriasis guttate psoriasis guttate psoriasis
arms or legs. these spots are typically covered by a fine scale. inverse psoriasis open pop-up dialog box close inverse psoriasis inverse psoriasis inverse psoriasis causes smooth patches of inflamed skin in the folds of the skin. it usually appears under the breasts and around the groin and buttocks. inverse psoriasis open pop-up dialog box inverse psoriasis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close inverse psoriasis inverse psoriasis inverse psoriasis causes smooth patches of inflamed skin in the folds of the skin. it usually appears under the breasts and around the groin and buttocks. close inverse psoriasis inverse psoriasis inverse psoriasis causes smooth patches of inflamed skin in the folds of the skin. it usually appears under the breasts and around the groin and buttocks. close inverse psoriasis inverse psoriasis inverse psoriasis causes smooth patches of inflamed skin in the folds of the skin. it usually appears under the breasts and around the groin and buttocks. close close close inverse psoriasis inverse psoriasis inverse psoriasis causes smooth patches of inflamed skin in the folds of the skin. it usually appears under the breasts and around the groin and buttocks. inverse psoriasis inverse psoriasis causes smooth patches of inflamed skin in the folds of the skin. it usually appears under the breasts and around the groin and buttocks. inverse psoriasis causes smooth patches of inflamed skin in the folds of the skin. it usually appears under the breasts and around the groin and buttocks. nail psoriasis open pop-up dialog box close nail psoriasis nail psoriasis psoriasis can affect fingernails and toenails
around age 60. these signs and symptoms include memory and thinking problems that are likely to progress to dementia. cte cte cte cte the full list of signs to look for in people with cte at autopsy is still unknown. it is unclear what kind of symptoms
around the eyes back pain fever unexplained weight loss bone pain
as can inflammation of the prostate gland or cervix. inflammation of tendons and ligaments where they attach to bone (enthesitis). this happens most often in the heels and the sole of the feet. swollen toes or fingers. in some cases
as does having an empty stomach. the pain can often be relieved by eating certain foods that buffer stomach acid or by taking an acid-reducing medication
as if the person is posing like a fencer repetitive movements
as if you were floating in air above yourself feeling like a robot or that you're not in control of your speech or movements the sense that your body
as if you were separated by a glass wall surroundings that appear distorted
as is being overweight. your lifestyle plays a large role as well. physical inactivity
as it causes pain in my legs
as long as you're having periods
as many as 4 out of 5 people infected with the zika virus have no signs or symptoms. when symptoms do occur
as measured with a device used to check how well your lungs are working (peak flow meter) the need to use a quick-relief inhaler more often for some people
as occurs with other forms of breast cancer. instead
as part of an overall physical conditioning program
as quickly or as strongly as normal. people with dysarthria may also have a hoarse
as someone with bulimia or anorexia might. embarrassment can lead to eating alone to hide your bingeing. a new round of bingeing usually occurs at least once a week. you may be normal weight
as the child gets older
as the disease progresses
as there is no quality control and some ingredients may not be known. synthetic cannabinoids
as these tend to be asymptomatic.
as though climbing stairs. this unusual kind of walking
as well as acid reflux
as well as anxiety and distress
as well as blurred and distorted vision
as well as how to grow and divide. mutations might tell cells to grow and divide uncontrollably and to continue living when normal cells would die. if this happens
as well as motor skills
as well as nutritional deficiencies that can cause health problems.
as well as relationship difficulties. mania may also trigger a break from reality (psychosis) and require hospitalization. both a manic and a hypomanic episode include three or more of these symptoms: abnormally upbeat
as well as slowed
as well as some little nodules on my skin that appear to be expanding.
as well as some lumps that resemble little nodes.
as well as swelling in my joints. this makes it difficult for me to walk around without feeling stiff and uncomfortable.
as well as symptoms of a mood disorder — either bipolar type (episodes of mania and sometimes depression) or depressive type (episodes of depression). although the development and course of schizoaffective disorder may vary
as well as the arteries to other regions of your body. a rupture of any of these larger blood vessels can be fatal. the vascular type can also weaken the walls of the uterus or large intestines — which also may rupture. causes different types of ehlers-danlos syndrome are associated with a variety of genetic causes
as well as the digestive and reproductive systems. defects of the abdominal wall
as well as the tonsils and adenoids. close close close parts of the immune system parts of the immune system the lymphatic system is part of the body's immune system
as well as the tonsils and adenoids. close parts of the immune system parts of the immune system the lymphatic system is part of the body's immune system
as well as the tonsils and adenoids. leg lymphedema open pop-up dialog box close leg lymphedema leg lymphedema lymphedema is swelling in an arm or a leg. in rare circumstances
as well as the tonsils and adenoids. parts of the immune system open pop-up dialog box parts of the immune system open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close parts of the immune system parts of the immune system the lymphatic system is part of the body's immune system
as well as the tonsils and adenoids. parts of the immune system the lymphatic system is part of the body's immune system
as well as the tonsils and adenoids. the lymphatic system is part of the body's immune system
as well as these symptoms that may appear within the first hours to days after a head injury: physical symptoms loss of consciousness from several minutes to hours persistent headache or headache that worsens repeated vomiting or nausea convulsions or seizures dilation of one or both pupils of the eyes clear fluids draining from the nose or ears inability to awaken from sleep weakness or numbness in fingers and toes loss of coordination cognitive or mental symptoms profound confusion agitation
as well as vision. skin the easiest form of albinism to see results in white hair and very light-colored skin compared with siblings or other blood relatives. but skin coloring
as well.
as with nighttime driving
ashamed
ask your doctor about healthy ways to achieve your goal. aim to lose weight slowly by increasing the amount of exercise you get and reducing the number of calories you eat. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff small bowel cancer care at mayo clinic
ask your obstetrician
asthma attack open pop-up dialog box close asthma attack asthma attack if you have asthma
asthma signs and symptoms flare up in certain situations: exercise-induced asthma
asthma symptoms vary from person to person. you may have infrequent asthma attacks
at first
at first later
at its earliest stages
at rest or during activity light-headedness or feeling like you might faint flu-like symptoms such as headache
at the back of the testicle. close close close epididymitis epididymitis epididymitis is an inflammation of the coiled tube
at the back of the testicle. close epididymitis epididymitis epididymitis is an inflammation of the coiled tube
at the back of the testicle. epididymitis epididymitis is an inflammation of the coiled tube
at the back of the testicle. epididymitis is an inflammation of the coiled tube
at the back of the testicle. epididymitis open pop-up dialog box epididymitis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close epididymitis epididymitis epididymitis is an inflammation of the coiled tube
at the back of the testicle. symptoms of epididymitis might include: a swollen
at the base of your gums
at the mall
at times
ataxia can develop over time or come on suddenly. ataxia is a sign of several neurological disorders and can cause: poor coordination walking unsteadily or with the feet set wide apart poor balance difficulty with fine motor tasks
athlete's foot open pop-up dialog box close athlete's foot athlete's foot athlete's foot is a fungal infection that causes scaly rash that may itch
atopic dermatitis on the chest open pop-up dialog box close atopic dermatitis on the chest atopic dermatitis on the chest inflammation caused by atopic dermatitis can cover large areas of the body
atrial fibrillation and kidney disease. they more frequently have to undergo surgery and also have a higher risk of death.
atrioventricular canal defect can involve only the two upper chambers of the heart or all four chambers. in both types
attack and post-drome. not everyone who has migraines goes through all stages. prodrome one or two days before a migraine
attempts to stop. you have withdrawal symptoms when you try to stop. your attempts at stopping have caused physical and mood-related symptoms
attention span often depends on the level of interest. the same is true of hyperactivity. young children are naturally energetic — they often are still full of energy long after they've worn their parents out. in addition
atypical hyperplasia usually doesn't cause any specific symptoms.
auditory and taste perception extreme anxiety or agitation paranoia hallucinations increased heart rate and blood pressure or heart attack vomiting confusion violent behavior substituted cathinones
auditory and taste perception increased blood pressure and heart rate red eyes dry mouth decreased coordination difficulty concentrating or remembering slowed reaction time anxiety or paranoid thinking cannabis odor on clothes or yellow fingertips major cravings for certain foods at unusual times long-term use is often associated with: decreased mental sharpness poor performance at school or at work ongoing cough and frequent lung infections k2
aura
available 24 hours a day
avoid light and move quickly. lice eggs (nits) on hair shafts. nits stick to hair shafts and may be hard to see because they're very tiny. they're easiest to spot around the ears and the hairline of the neck. empty nits may be easier to spot because they're lighter in color and further from the scalp. however
avoidance
avoiding new activities or meeting strangers extreme shyness in social situations and personal relationships fear of disapproval
avoiding social activities and employment problems. difficulty organizing items and sometimes losing important items in the clutter. with hoarding disorder
awareness or attention span. it also doesn't affect judgment
babies born with hypoplastic left heart syndrome usually are seriously ill soon after birth. symptoms include: grayish-blue color of the lips and gums (cyanosis) rapid
babies born with syphilis can also be born too early
babies with rett syndrome usually are born after an uncomplicated pregnancy and delivery. most infants with rett syndrome seem to grow and behave as expected for the first six months. after that
babies with this condition might be constipated. weight problems. pyloric stenosis can keep a baby from gaining weight
babies with xla generally appear healthy for the first few months because they're protected by the antibodies they got from their mothers before birth. when these antibodies clear from their systems
baby acne is small
back
back ache
back and belly and then spreads to the neck and arms. it might reach the legs and face. the rash isn't likely to be itchy or painful. it can last hours or days. the rash might occur without a fever first. other signs and symptoms of roseola may include: irritability mild diarrhea decreased appetite swollen eyelids
back and shoulders. the blisters tend to be more itchy than painful. pemphigus foliaceus doesn't cause mouth blisters. pemphigus is distinct from bullous pemphigoid
back of the neck
back or abdomen along with chest pain shortness of breath tiredness and lack of energy if you've been treated for coronary artery disease with angioplasty and stents and your signs and symptoms haven't gone away
back or chest. cramping. you might have severe abdominal rigidity or cramping
back or chest. it often develops within 2 to 4 weeks of birth. many babies also develop tiny
back or hip pain persistent cough difficulty breathing loss of appetite weight loss without trying severe headaches seizures
back or jaw shortness of breath sweating unusual
back pain
back pain can range from a muscle aching to a shooting
back-and-forth movement of the eyes that can't be controlled
backbone and spinal cord also may be affected. most children with cloacal exstrophy have spinal abnormalities
backward or downward. the most common variety is a forward (anterior) dislocation. close close close shoulder dislocation shoulder dislocation the shoulder joint is the most frequently dislocated joint of the body. because it moves in several directions
backward or downward. the most common variety is a forward (anterior) dislocation. close shoulder dislocation shoulder dislocation the shoulder joint is the most frequently dislocated joint of the body. because it moves in several directions
backward or downward. the most common variety is a forward (anterior) dislocation. dislocated shoulder symptoms can include: a visibly deformed or out-of-place shoulder swelling or bruising intense pain inability to move the joint shoulder dislocation can also cause numbness
backward or downward. the most common variety is a forward (anterior) dislocation. shoulder dislocation open pop-up dialog box shoulder dislocation open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close shoulder dislocation shoulder dislocation the shoulder joint is the most frequently dislocated joint of the body. because it moves in several directions
backward or downward. the most common variety is a forward (anterior) dislocation. shoulder dislocation the shoulder joint is the most frequently dislocated joint of the body. because it moves in several directions
backward or downward. the most common variety is a forward (anterior) dislocation. the shoulder joint is the most frequently dislocated joint of the body. because it moves in several directions
bacteremia occurs when staph bacteria enter the bloodstream. a fever and low blood pressure are signs of bacteremia. the bacteria can travel to locations deep within your body to cause infections that affect: internal organs
balance issues
balance problems
basal cell carcinoma can develop on parts of your body usually protected from the sun
basal cell carcinoma often looks like a bump that's skin-colored or pink. basal cell carcinoma is a type of skin cancer that most often develops on areas of skin exposed to the sun
basal cell carcinoma often looks like a bump that's skin-colored or pink. basal cell carcinoma on white skin basal cell carcinoma is a type of skin cancer that most often develops on areas of skin exposed to the sun
basal cell carcinoma often looks like a bump that's skin-colored or pink. basal cell carcinoma on white skin open pop-up dialog box basal cell carcinoma on white skin open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close basal cell carcinoma on white skin basal cell carcinoma on white skin basal cell carcinoma is a type of skin cancer that most often develops on areas of skin exposed to the sun
basal cell carcinoma often looks like a bump that's skin-colored or pink. close basal cell carcinoma on white skin basal cell carcinoma on white skin basal cell carcinoma is a type of skin cancer that most often develops on areas of skin exposed to the sun
basal cell carcinoma often looks like a bump that's skin-colored or pink. close close close basal cell carcinoma on white skin basal cell carcinoma on white skin basal cell carcinoma is a type of skin cancer that most often develops on areas of skin exposed to the sun
basal cell carcinoma often looks like a bump that's skin-colored or pink. squamous cell carcinoma of the skin open pop-up dialog box close squamous cell carcinoma of the skin squamous cell carcinoma of the skin sun-exposed areas such as the lips and ears are especially likely to develop squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. squamous cell carcinoma of the skin open pop-up dialog box squamous cell carcinoma of the skin open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close squamous cell carcinoma of the skin squamous cell carcinoma of the skin sun-exposed areas such as the lips and ears are especially likely to develop squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. close squamous cell carcinoma of the skin squamous cell carcinoma of the skin sun-exposed areas such as the lips and ears are especially likely to develop squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. close squamous cell carcinoma of the skin squamous cell carcinoma of the skin sun-exposed areas such as the lips and ears are especially likely to develop squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. close close close squamous cell carcinoma of the skin squamous cell carcinoma of the skin sun-exposed areas such as the lips and ears are especially likely to develop squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. squamous cell carcinoma of the skin sun-exposed areas such as the lips and ears are especially likely to develop squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. sun-exposed areas such as the lips and ears are especially likely to develop squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. melanoma open pop-up dialog box close melanoma melanoma the first sign of melanoma is often a mole that changes size
basal cell carcinoma usually develops on sun-exposed parts of your body
basal ganglia and spinal cord. for example
based on how and where the abnormal brain activity begins. focal seizures when seizures appear to result from abnormal activity in just one area of your brain
based on similar characteristics and symptoms. many people with one personality disorder also have signs and symptoms of at least one additional personality disorder. it's not necessary to exhibit all the signs and symptoms listed for a disorder to be diagnosed. cluster a personality disorders cluster a personality disorders are characterized by odd
based on the number of symptoms you experience. signs and symptoms may include: being unable to limit the amount of alcohol you drink wanting to cut down on how much you drink or making unsuccessful attempts to do so spending a lot of time drinking
be sure to tell hospital or emergency personnel the kind and amount of alcohol the person drank
beard or eyebrows. your skin may become itchy or painful before the hair falls out. sudden loosening of hair. a physical or emotional shock can cause hair to loosen. handfuls of hair may come out when combing or washing your hair or even after gentle tugging. this type of hair loss usually causes overall hair thinning but is temporary. full-body hair loss. some conditions and medical treatments
beard or mustache patches of greasy skin covered with flaky white or yellow scales or crust on the scalp
beauty or the perfect mate. believe they are superior to others and can only spend time with or be understood by equally special people. be critical of and look down on people they feel are not important. expect special favors and expect other people to do what they want without questioning them. take advantage of others to get what they want. have an inability or unwillingness to recognize the needs and feelings of others. be envious of others and believe others envy them. behave in an arrogant way
because epilepsy is caused by abnormal activity in the brain
because it can be spread from person to person via cough droplets. signs and symptoms can begin within a few hours after infection
because of newborn screening
because of their location
because retinoblastoma mostly affects infants and small children
because symptoms of the disorder often overlap with the symptoms of other disorders
because the disorder can affect so many different areas of the body. some people experience only mild effects
because the warning signals
because they're so brief. a decline in a child's learning ability may be the first sign of this disorder. teachers may comment about a child's inability to pay attention or that a child is often daydreaming. when to see a doctor contact your doctor: the first time you notice a seizure if this is a new type of seizure if the seizures continue to occur despite taking anti-seizure medication contact 911 or emergency services in your area: if you observe prolonged automatic behaviors lasting minutes to hours — activities such as eating or moving without awareness — or prolonged confusion
becoming more visible when your child is exposed to extreme temperatures or spends time in the sun. parvovirus symptoms in adults adults don't usually develop the slapped-cheek rash. instead
bed-wetting remains a problem for some children. after 7 years of age
bedbug bites open pop-up dialog box close bedbug bites bedbug bites it can be difficult to tell bedbug bites from other types of insect bites. however
bedsores may happen on: the back or sides of the head the shoulder blades the hip
bedsores often occur on skin over the following sites: tailbone or buttocks shoulder blades and spine backs of arms and legs where they rest against the chair for people who need to stay in bed
bee sting symptoms are minor and include: instant
bee stings can produce different reactions
before disappearing in the same order aching joints
before puberty or during adulthood. signs and symptoms depend on when the condition develops. fetal development if the body doesn't produce enough testosterone during fetal development
before symptoms develop. but people born before newborn screening became available may not be diagnosed until the signs and symptoms of cf show up. cf cystic fibrosis signs and symptoms vary
before you faint due to vasovagal syncope
behavior and emotions. thinking: problems with thinking and reasoning bizarre ideas or speech confusing dreams or television for reality behavior: withdrawal from friends and family trouble sleeping lack of motivation — for example
behavior may slightly improve
behavior or action (perseveration) lack of impulse control that can result in outbursts
behavior or emotions. signs and symptoms may vary
behavioral
behavioral issues or poor performance in school osa often is characterized by loud snoring followed by periods of silence when breathing stops or nearly stops. eventually
behavioral or mental symptoms loss of consciousness for a few seconds to a few minutes no loss of consciousness
behaviors and certain memory functions. people with this disorder may experience personality changes or mood disturbances
behcet's disease symptoms vary from person to person
being exposed to a toxic substance or withdrawal from drugs. other specified anxiety disorder and unspecified anxiety disorder are terms for anxiety or phobias that don't meet the exact criteria for any other anxiety disorders but are significant enough to be distressing and disruptive.
being sarcastic or bitter
beliefs
beliefs or mannerisms suspicious or paranoid thoughts and constant doubts about the loyalty of others belief in special powers
bell's palsy can affect the nerves on both sides of your face.
belly area or areas around the eyes in an infant
belly or areas around the eyes shortness of breath during feedings
belly pain
below the ribs pain that radiates to the lower abdomen and groin pain that comes in waves and fluctuates in intensity pain or burning sensation while urinating other signs and symptoms may include: pink
bend or lean over. fainting. you may pass out if your heart rate or blood pressure drops suddenly. this is called syncope. other symptoms that can occur with pulmonary embolism include: a cough that may include bloody or blood-streaked mucus rapid or irregular heartbeat lightheadedness or dizziness excessive sweating fever leg pain or swelling
beneath the diaphragm and above your stomach. cirrhosis often has no symptoms until liver damage is severe. when symptoms do occur
beneath the diaphragm and above your stomach. close close close the liver the liver the liver is your largest internal organ. about the size of a football
beneath the diaphragm and above your stomach. close the liver the liver the liver is your largest internal organ. about the size of a football
beneath the diaphragm and above your stomach. in most cases
beneath the diaphragm and above your stomach. most people don't have signs and symptoms in the early stages of primary liver cancer. when signs and symptoms do appear
beneath the diaphragm and above your stomach. nafld usually causes no signs and symptoms. when it does
beneath the diaphragm and above your stomach. the liver is your largest internal organ. about the size of a football
beneath the diaphragm and above your stomach. the liver open pop-up dialog box the liver open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close the liver the liver the liver is your largest internal organ. about the size of a football
beneath the diaphragm and above your stomach. the liver the liver is your largest internal organ. about the size of a football
beneath your fingernails or toenails
benzodiazepines and hypnotics are prescription central nervous system depressants. they're often used and misused in search for a sense of relaxation or a desire to "switch off" or forget stress-related thoughts or feelings. barbiturates. an example is phenobarbital. benzodiazepines. examples include sedatives
benzodiazepines and hypnotics barbiturates
beta-blockers
bicycle pedaling or pelvic thrusting
bile reflux can be difficult to distinguish from gastric acid reflux. the signs and symptoms are similar
bilirubin levels may increase due to: illness
binge eating or drug abuse
bipolar and related disorders induced by certain drugs or alcohol or due to a medical condition
bipolar symptoms may occur during pregnancy or change with the seasons. symptoms in children and teens symptoms of bipolar disorder can be difficult to identify in children and teens. it's often hard to tell whether these are normal ups and downs
bite their nails or chew their lips. sometimes pulling hairs from pets or dolls or from materials
black
black or blue lesion — or a lesion with dark spots — with a slightly raised
black people and in others with dark skin pigment. melanoma in the mouth
black phlegm
black phlegm too. my heart has been racing too.
black phlegm.
blackheads
bladder
bladder and genitals don't fully separate as the fetus develops. these organs may not be correctly formed
bladder cancer signs and symptoms may include: blood in urine (hematuria)
bladder discomfort
bladder exstrophy is the most common in the larger group of birth defects called the bladder exstrophy-epispadias complex (beec). children with beec have one of the following: beec epispadias. this is the least severe form of beec
bladder exstrophy will involve organs of the urinary tract
bladder or digestive problems drops in blood pressure
bladder or throat — and have no signs or symptoms. in some cases
bleeding gums
bleeding in the spinal cord may cause bowel and bladder symptoms or trouble with movement or feeling in the legs or arms. ccms generally
bleeding may not occur until labor. often there is no clear event that leads to bleeding.
bleeding or crusting new patches or bumps on sun-exposed areas of the head
bleeding or inflammation develops. close close close moles moles moles are usually harmless. they may contain hairs or become raised or wrinkled. talk to your doctor about any change in the color or size of a mole or if itching
bleeding or inflammation develops. close moles moles moles are usually harmless. they may contain hairs or become raised or wrinkled. talk to your doctor about any change in the color or size of a mole or if itching
bleeding or inflammation develops. melanoma open pop-up dialog box close melanoma melanoma the first sign of melanoma is often a mole that changes size
bleeding or inflammation develops. moles are usually harmless. they may contain hairs or become raised or wrinkled. talk to your doctor about any change in the color or size of a mole or if itching
bleeding or inflammation develops. moles moles are usually harmless. they may contain hairs or become raised or wrinkled. talk to your doctor about any change in the color or size of a mole or if itching
bleeding or inflammation develops. moles open pop-up dialog box moles open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close moles moles moles are usually harmless. they may contain hairs or become raised or wrinkled. talk to your doctor about any change in the color or size of a mole or if itching
blepharitis
blepharitis signs and symptoms are typically worse in the morning. they include: watery eyes red eyes a gritty
blinking
blister
blister-like lesions on the palms of the hands. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. close close close hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
blister-like lesions on the palms of the hands. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. close hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
blister-like lesions on the palms of the hands. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
blister-like lesions on the palms of the hands. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot open pop-up dialog box close hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
blister-like lesions on the palms of the hands. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
blister-like lesions on the palms of the hands. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand open pop-up dialog box hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
blister-like lesions on the soles of the feet. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. close close close hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
blister-like lesions on the soles of the feet. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. close hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
blister-like lesions on the soles of the feet. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. hand-foot-and-mouth disease may cause all of the following symptoms or only some of them. they include: fever. sore throat. feeling sick. painful
blister-like lesions on the soles of the feet. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
blister-like lesions on the soles of the feet. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
blister-like lesions on the soles of the feet. rashes appear differently depending on skin tone. hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot open pop-up dialog box hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the foot hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
blister-like lesions on the tongue
blistering or open sores painful sex
blistering skin disease. the rash usually occurs on the elbows
blisters and scabbed lesions — at the same time. you can spread the virus to other people for up to 48 hours before the rash appears
blisters or hives.
blisters or open sores. scabs eventually form and the sores heal
blisters or ulcers in some people
blistery skin rash (dermatitis herpetiformis) mouth ulcers headaches and fatigue nervous system injury
bloating
bloating or belching intolerance to fatty foods heartburn nausea the most common peptic ulcer symptom is burning stomach pain. stomach acid makes the pain worse
bloating or nausea
blood and urine tests can detect the problem. without treatment
blood clots to form in the blood vessels and kidney damage. signs and symptoms of these changes include: hus pale coloring
blood in sputum
blood in the urine
blood in the urine can look pink
blood in urine
blood or stool from the tunnel opening pain in the rectum and anus
blood pressure
blood pressure and body temperature nausea or vomiting with weight loss poor judgment nasal congestion and damage to the mucous membrane of the nose (if snorting drugs) mouth sores
blood pressure may be high in the arms and low in the legs and ankles. coarctation of the aorta often occurs with other heart defects. other symptoms depend on the type of congenital heart defect.
blood sugar and energy levels
blood vessels
blood vessels or bones of your spine. signs and symptoms may include: pain at the site of the tumor due to tumor growth back pain
blood vessels or tissues. as the tumor grows
bloody diarrhea in the later stages of the disease sore throat and difficulty swallowing swollen neck inhalation anthrax inhalation anthrax open pop-up dialog box close inhalation anthrax inhalation anthrax this illustration shows how the spores that cause inhalation anthrax — the most deadly form of anthrax infection — enter and affect the body. inhalation anthrax open pop-up dialog box inhalation anthrax open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close inhalation anthrax inhalation anthrax this illustration shows how the spores that cause inhalation anthrax — the most deadly form of anthrax infection — enter and affect the body. close inhalation anthrax inhalation anthrax this illustration shows how the spores that cause inhalation anthrax — the most deadly form of anthrax infection — enter and affect the body. close inhalation anthrax inhalation anthrax this illustration shows how the spores that cause inhalation anthrax — the most deadly form of anthrax infection — enter and affect the body. close close close inhalation anthrax inhalation anthrax this illustration shows how the spores that cause inhalation anthrax — the most deadly form of anthrax infection — enter and affect the body. inhalation anthrax this illustration shows how the spores that cause inhalation anthrax — the most deadly form of anthrax infection — enter and affect the body. this illustration shows how the spores that cause inhalation anthrax — the most deadly form of anthrax infection — enter and affect the body. inhalation anthrax develops when you breathe in anthrax spores. it's the most deadly form of the disease
bloody stool
bloody stool or a painful pocket of pus near the anus
bloody stools
blotchy patches of skin. close close close lichen sclerosus lichen sclerosus lichen sclerosus is a skin condition characterized by discolored
blotchy patches of skin. close lichen sclerosus lichen sclerosus lichen sclerosus is a skin condition characterized by discolored
blotchy patches of skin. lichen sclerosus in genital area open pop-up dialog box close lichen sclerosus in genital area lichen sclerosus in genital area lichen sclerosus may affect skin on any part of your body but often involves the skin of the genital area. lichen sclerosus in genital area open pop-up dialog box lichen sclerosus in genital area open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close lichen sclerosus in genital area lichen sclerosus in genital area lichen sclerosus may affect skin on any part of your body but often involves the skin of the genital area. close lichen sclerosus in genital area lichen sclerosus in genital area lichen sclerosus may affect skin on any part of your body but often involves the skin of the genital area. close lichen sclerosus in genital area lichen sclerosus in genital area lichen sclerosus may affect skin on any part of your body but often involves the skin of the genital area. close close close lichen sclerosus in genital area lichen sclerosus in genital area lichen sclerosus may affect skin on any part of your body but often involves the skin of the genital area. lichen sclerosus in genital area lichen sclerosus may affect skin on any part of your body but often involves the skin of the genital area. lichen sclerosus may affect skin on any part of your body but often involves the skin of the genital area. it's possible to have mild lichen sclerosus with no symptoms. when symptoms do occur
blotchy patches of skin. lichen sclerosus is a skin condition characterized by discolored
blotchy patches of skin. lichen sclerosus lichen sclerosus is a skin condition characterized by discolored
blotchy patches of skin. lichen sclerosus open pop-up dialog box lichen sclerosus open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close lichen sclerosus lichen sclerosus lichen sclerosus is a skin condition characterized by discolored
blotchy skin rapid heartbeat perspiration
blue
blue or blue-black a painful lesion that itches or burns dark lesions on your palms
blue or purple streaks bright streaks that fade to a lighter color streaks covering large areas of the body
blue or purple. most merkel cell carcinomas appear on the face
blue or red
blue skin color dizziness or fainting
blue-colored skin under your eyes in a child
blurred and distorted vision
blurred or dim vision increasing difficulty with vision at night sensitivity to light and glare need for brighter light for reading and other activities seeing "halos" around lights frequent changes in eyeglass or contact lens prescription fading or yellowing of colors double vision in a single eye at first
blurred vision
blurred vision either can take longer to improve or doesn't improve. glare
blurred vision in later stages
blurred vision or light sensitivity pain in your upper belly
blurred vision or light sensitivity shortness of breath
blurry
body
body aches
body lice bites can cause intense itching
body or in the genital area. a tickling feeling from movement of hair. the presence of lice on your scalp
body postures or tone of voice patterns of behavior a child or adult with autism spectrum disorder may have limited
body temperatures vary slightly from person to person and at different times of day. the average temperature has traditionally been defined as 98.6 f (37 c). a temperature taken using a mouth thermometer (oral temperature) that's 100 f (37.8 c) or higher is generally considered to be a fever. depending on what's causing a fever
boils boils can occur anywhere on your skin
bone marrow open pop-up dialog box close bone marrow bone marrow bone marrow is a red
bone marrow or intestines. less commonly
bone marrow or stem cell transplant
bone metastasis causes no signs and symptoms. when it does occur
bone or joint aches nausea and vomiting diarrhea symptoms that can become life-threatening more-severe symptoms include: bleeding under the skin
bone or joint pain nausea vomiting pain behind the eyes swollen glands rash most people recover within a week or so. in some cases
bone spurs can cause pain and loss of motion in your joints. specific symptoms depend on where the bone spurs are. examples include: knee. bone spurs in your knee can make it painful to extend and bend your leg. spine. on your vertebrae
bone spurs can narrow the space that contains your spinal cord. these bone spurs can pinch the spinal cord or its nerve roots and can cause weakness or numbness in your arms or legs. hip. bone spurs can make it painful to move your hip
bone spurs can reduce the range of motion in your hip joint.
bone spurs on spine open pop-up dialog box close bone spurs on spine bone spurs on spine in osteoarthritis of the spine
bones
bones and joints. these problems may occur many years after the original
books or sentimental items. items that crowd and clutter your walking spaces and living areas. rooms can't be used for the intended purpose
borderline personality disorder
borderline personality disorder affects how you feel about yourself
boredom
both of which are melanoma warning signs. close close close melanoma melanoma the first sign of melanoma is often a mole that changes size
both of which are melanoma warning signs. close melanoma melanoma the first sign of melanoma is often a mole that changes size
both of which are melanoma warning signs. melanoma open pop-up dialog box melanoma open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close melanoma melanoma the first sign of melanoma is often a mole that changes size
both of which are melanoma warning signs. melanoma the first sign of melanoma is often a mole that changes size
both of which are melanoma warning signs. melanomas can develop anywhere on your body. they most often develop in areas that have had exposure to the sun
both of which are melanoma warning signs. merkel cell carcinoma open pop-up dialog box close merkel cell carcinoma merkel cell carcinoma merkel cell carcinoma is a rare
both of which are melanoma warning signs. the first sign of melanoma is often a mole that changes size
both psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis are chronic diseases that worsen over time. however
botulism doesn't usually raise blood pressure or heart rate or cause fever or confusion. sometimes
boxing and wrestling — can increase your risk of muscle strains. certain parts of the body are more susceptible to strains during participation in certain sports. examples include: legs and ankles. sports that feature quick starts and jumping
boys may be more hyperactive and girls may tend to be quietly inattentive. adhd there are three subtypes of adhd: adhd predominantly inattentive. the majority of symptoms fall under inattention. predominantly hyperactive/impulsive. the majority of symptoms are hyperactive and impulsive. combined. this is a mix of inattentive symptoms and hyperactive/impulsive symptoms. inattention a child who shows a pattern of inattention may often: fail to pay close attention to details or make careless mistakes in schoolwork have trouble staying focused in tasks or play appear not to listen
brag a lot and come across as conceited. insist on having the best of everything — for instance
braids or cornrows
brain
brain avms tend to remain stable and are less likely to cause symptoms. avm research hasn't found that pregnancy increases the risk of hemorrhage for people with a brain avm. however
branches of the trigeminal nerve open pop-up dialog box close branches of the trigeminal nerve branches of the trigeminal nerve trigeminal neuralgia results in pain occurring in an area of the face supplied by one or more of the three branches of the trigeminal nerve. branches of the trigeminal nerve open pop-up dialog box branches of the trigeminal nerve open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close branches of the trigeminal nerve branches of the trigeminal nerve trigeminal neuralgia results in pain occurring in an area of the face supplied by one or more of the three branches of the trigeminal nerve. close branches of the trigeminal nerve branches of the trigeminal nerve trigeminal neuralgia results in pain occurring in an area of the face supplied by one or more of the three branches of the trigeminal nerve. close branches of the trigeminal nerve branches of the trigeminal nerve trigeminal neuralgia results in pain occurring in an area of the face supplied by one or more of the three branches of the trigeminal nerve. close close close branches of the trigeminal nerve branches of the trigeminal nerve trigeminal neuralgia results in pain occurring in an area of the face supplied by one or more of the three branches of the trigeminal nerve. branches of the trigeminal nerve trigeminal neuralgia results in pain occurring in an area of the face supplied by one or more of the three branches of the trigeminal nerve. trigeminal neuralgia results in pain occurring in an area of the face supplied by one or more of the three branches of the trigeminal nerve. trigeminal neuralgia symptoms may include one or more of these patterns: episodes of severe
break open and drain pus with an odor. tunnels. over time
breast lump
breast tenderness and nausea. if you take a pregnancy test
breast tissue normally might feel lumpy or ropy and you may have tenderness that comes and goes with your menstrual period. if you have an underlying breast condition
breasts
breasts and arms thinning
breathe heavily
breathing and speaking. symptoms last for several months. but symptoms generally lessen when the larvae form cysts. even after the infection is gone
breathing difficulties
breathing problems and bladder problems late in the disease
breathlessness
bridges or malls. using public transportation
brief
brief and repetitive tics involve a limited number of muscle groups. complex tics. these distinct
brief illness (acute)
bright pink or cola colored — a sign of blood in the urine pelvic pain blood infection (bacteremia) fever chills confusion or lack of alertness pneumonia fever chills cough shortness of breath chest pain when you breathe or cough skin or soft-tissue infection swelling
bright spots or flashes of light vision loss pins and needles sensations in an arm or leg weakness or numbness in the face or one side of the body difficulty speaking attack a migraine usually lasts from 4 to 72 hours if untreated. how often migraines occur varies from person to person. migraines might occur rarely or strike several times a month. during a migraine
brilliance
brittle hair. older adults are more likely to have symptoms that are hard to notice. these symptoms may include an irregular heartbeat
brittle nails
bronchitis
bronze or red swelling blisters sudden
brother
brow or forehead worsening pain if you bend forward or lie down stuffy nose fatigue achy feeling in the upper teeth sinusitis or migraine? migraines and headaches from sinusitis are easy to confuse because the signs and symptoms of the two types of headaches may overlap. both migraine and sinusitis headache pain often get worse when you bend forward. migraine can also be accompanied by various nasal signs and symptoms — including congestion
brown mucus.
brown or black — with a distinct border separating the mole from your surrounding skin. they're oval or round and usually smaller than 1/4 inch (about 6 millimeters) in diameter — the size of a pencil eraser. most moles begin appearing in childhood and new moles may form until about age 40. by the time they are adults
brown or gray on black and brown skin slightly raised
brown or pink swellings in your genital area a cauliflower-like shape caused by several warts close together itching or discomfort in your genital area bleeding with intercourse genital warts can be so small and flat as to be invisible. rarely
brown or white. the skin may look leathery. third-degree burns can destroy nerves
brugada syndrome often doesn't cause any noticeable symptoms. many people with brugada syndrome don't know they have it. signs and symptoms that may be associated with brugada syndrome include: dizziness fainting gasping and labored breathing
bruised-appearing skin under the eyes (allergic shiners) extreme tiredness (fatigue)
bruising
bruising or rashes eye redness
buerger's disease symptoms include: tingling or numbness in the hands or feet. pale
builds up in organs ⸺ especially the kidneys ⸺ causing inflammation and interfering with their function.
builds up over several minutes and can last up to 60 minutes. examples of migraine auras include: visual phenomena
bulging fontanel open pop-up dialog box close bulging fontanel bulging fontanel one of the major signs of encephalitis in infants is bulging of the soft spots (fontanels) of the baby's skull. pictured here is the anterior fontanel. other fontanels are found on the sides and back of an infant's head. bulging fontanel open pop-up dialog box bulging fontanel open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close bulging fontanel bulging fontanel one of the major signs of encephalitis in infants is bulging of the soft spots (fontanels) of the baby's skull. pictured here is the anterior fontanel. other fontanels are found on the sides and back of an infant's head. close bulging fontanel bulging fontanel one of the major signs of encephalitis in infants is bulging of the soft spots (fontanels) of the baby's skull. pictured here is the anterior fontanel. other fontanels are found on the sides and back of an infant's head. close bulging fontanel bulging fontanel one of the major signs of encephalitis in infants is bulging of the soft spots (fontanels) of the baby's skull. pictured here is the anterior fontanel. other fontanels are found on the sides and back of an infant's head. close close close bulging fontanel bulging fontanel one of the major signs of encephalitis in infants is bulging of the soft spots (fontanels) of the baby's skull. pictured here is the anterior fontanel. other fontanels are found on the sides and back of an infant's head. bulging fontanel one of the major signs of encephalitis in infants is bulging of the soft spots (fontanels) of the baby's skull. pictured here is the anterior fontanel. other fontanels are found on the sides and back of an infant's head. one of the major signs of encephalitis in infants is bulging of the soft spots (fontanels) of the baby's skull. pictured here is the anterior fontanel. other fontanels are found on the sides and back of an infant's head. encephalitis may cause many different symptoms including confusion
bulging veins seen through the skin
bulimia nervosa and binge-eating disorder are the most common eating disorders. other eating disorders include rumination disorder and avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder. anorexia nervosa anorexia (an-o-rek-see-uh) nervosa — often simply called anorexia — is a potentially life-threatening eating disorder characterized by an abnormally low body weight
bulimia or binge-eating disorder. food is brought back up into the mouth without nausea or gagging
bulimia signs and symptoms may include: being preoccupied with your body shape and weight living in fear of gaining weight repeated episodes of eating abnormally large amounts of food in one sitting feeling a loss of control during bingeing — like you can't stop eating or can't control what you eat forcing yourself to vomit or exercising too much to keep from gaining weight after bingeing using laxatives
bullous impetigo open pop-up dialog box close bullous impetigo bullous impetigo bullous impetigo causes fluid-filled blisters — often on the trunk
bump resembling an insect bite. but within a day or two
bumpy areas on my skin that are itchy. i also have some bumps that resemble little lumps and some spots that are a different shade of skin than the rest of my body.
bumpy areas. i've also had some pimples that resemble small balls and other spots that are a different colour than the rest of my skin.
bundle branch block doesn't cause symptoms. some people with the condition don't know they have bundle branch block. rarely
burning
burning and itching pain with urination or sex discomfort over the lower stomach area in men
burning micturition
burning or itching eyes watery or dry eyes blurred or double vision headache sore neck
burning or pain
burning or scratchy sensation in your eyes stringy mucus in or around your eyes sensitivity to light eye redness a sensation of having something in your eyes difficulty wearing contact lenses difficulty with nighttime driving watery eyes
burning or soreness cyclic rashes that flare for a few weeks or months and then subside there are several types of psoriasis
burning or soreness that may be severe enough to cause difficulty eating or swallowing slight bleeding if the lesions are rubbed or scraped cracking and redness at the corners of your mouth a cottony feeling in your mouth loss of taste redness
burning or stabbing sensation. also
burning or stinging sensation in the eyes eyelids that appear greasy itchy eyelids red
burning or tenderness
burning or tightness in the chest. crushing or searing pain that spreads to the back
burning or tingling around the lips for a day or so before a small
burning or tingling sensitivity to touch a red rash that begins a few days after the pain fluid-filled blisters that break open and crust over itching some people also experience: fever headache sensitivity to light fatigue pain is usually the first symptom of shingles. for some people
burning pain. sometimes it can feel like a jolt or electric shock. it can be worse when coughing or sneezing or sitting a long time. usually
burning sensation behind the breastbone — can be caused by problems with the heart or the stomach.
burning skin painful
burning stomach pain feeling of fullness
burping and passing gas are rarely by themselves a sign of a medical problem.
but a person who has a sleep terror episode remains asleep. children usually don't remember anything about their sleep terrors in the morning. adults may recall a dream fragment they had during the sleep terrors. sleep terrors generally occur in the first third to first half of the night
but a separate diagnosis. while the manic episodes of bipolar i disorder can be severe and dangerous
but a state of being dazed
but almost always before the early teen years. oppositional and defiant behaviors are frequent and ongoing. they cause severe problems with relationships
but almost never on the face or head skin that may feel "woody" and develop an orange-peel appearance burning
but also in the hands
but also may have excessive worries about: performance at school or sporting events family members' safety being on time (punctuality) earthquakes
but appear mainly on the face
but are almost always brought on by a change in head position. some people also feel out of balance when standing or walking. bppv abnormal rhythmic eye movements usually accompany the symptoms of benign paroxysmal positional vertigo.
but blood is still escaping from the second uterus and vagina. when to see a doctor seek medical advice if you have a menstrual flow despite the insertion of a tampon
but can be prepared as an herbal tea. a liquid form can be vaporized in electronic cigarettes. despite manufacturer claims
but can include: fmf fever abdominal pain chest pain
but can sometimes happen weeks before more-severe symptoms start. symptoms are different for everyone
but cervical cancer may take 20 years or longer to develop after an hpv infection. the hpv infection and early cervical cancer typically don't cause noticeable symptoms. getting vaccinated against hpv infection is your best protection from cervical cancer. hpv hpv hpv hpv because early cervical cancer doesn't cause symptoms
but children usually get them on the face and men tend to get them in the beard area. women tend to get them on the legs. cervical cancer nearly all cervical cancers are caused by hpv infections
but common signs and symptoms include: cognitive changes memory loss
but commonly appear in the genital tract. gonorrhea affecting the genital tract signs and symptoms of gonorrhea infection in men include: painful urination pus-like discharge from the tip of the penis pain or swelling in one testicle signs and symptoms of gonorrhea infection in women include: increased vaginal discharge painful urination vaginal bleeding between periods
but doesn't have trouble planning or coordinating the movements to speak
but doesn't remain in place. signs and symptoms of a retractile testicle include: the testicle may be moved by hand from the groin into the scrotum and won't immediately retreat to the groin. the testicle might spontaneously appear in the scrotum and remain there for a time. the testicle might spontaneously disappear again for a time. retractile testicle is different from undescended testicle (cryptorchidism). an undescended testicle is one that never entered the scrotum.
but doesn't understand how to use them doesn't appear to understand simple questions or directions doesn't express emotions or feelings and appears unaware of others' feelings doesn't point at or bring objects to share interest inappropriately approaches a social interaction by being passive
but doesn't understand the overall purpose or function of the object is unusually sensitive to light
but don't menstruate (amenorrhea). other signs of puberty usually follow typical female development. vaginal agenesis may have these features: the genitals look like a typical female. the vagina may be shortened without a cervix at the end
but even people who are thin and don't smoke can experience severe disease.
but even small tumors can sometimes cause symptoms. symptoms depend on the location of the tumor and which tissues it affects. symptoms may include: swelling or a lump under your skin pain
but experts believe that they might develop over years or decades after repeated head trauma. experts currently believe that cte symptoms appear in two forms. in early life between the late 20s and early 30s
but few facts or details to back them up easily influenced by others shallow
but hearing voices is the most common hallucination. disorganized thinking. disorganized thinking is inferred from disorganized speech. effective communication can be impaired
but i can't seem to empty my bladder. i get these very strong and uncontrollable urges to pee and sometimes my pee is dark or bloody.
but i only pee a little bit. my stomach hurts a lot and i can't seem to control my urges to pee.
but i'd like to get it checked out.
but i'm not sure.
but i'm worried about it.
but i'm worried that it might be something serious.
but i'm worried.
but if snoring is accompanied by any of the following symptoms
but in other girls
but it can also be found on the breasts
but it can happen anywhere in the body. signs and symptoms may include: growing lump or area of swelling if it grows very large
but it can have other disturbing themes. your dream awakens you. you feel scared
but it can occur in an arm or
but it can occur in any joint. other commonly affected joints include the ankles
but it doesn't seem to be helping.
but it gets better.
but it happens rarely. this can result from corticosteroid medicine use or a disease such as cushing syndrome. close close close widespread stretch marks widespread stretch marks stretch marks can cover large areas of the body
but it happens rarely. this can result from corticosteroid medicine use or a disease such as cushing syndrome. close widespread stretch marks widespread stretch marks stretch marks can cover large areas of the body
but it happens rarely. this can result from corticosteroid medicine use or a disease such as cushing syndrome. stretch marks can cover large areas of the body
but it happens rarely. this can result from corticosteroid medicine use or a disease such as cushing syndrome. stretch marks don't all look alike. they vary depending on how long you've had them
but it happens rarely. this can result from corticosteroid medicine use or a disease such as cushing syndrome. widespread stretch marks open pop-up dialog box widespread stretch marks open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close widespread stretch marks widespread stretch marks stretch marks can cover large areas of the body
but it happens rarely. this can result from corticosteroid medicine use or a disease such as cushing syndrome. widespread stretch marks stretch marks can cover large areas of the body
but it is spreading to other parts of my body. i am worried about this.
but it may continue for as long as a day or two. pain from mittelschmerz may be: on one side of your lower abdomen dull and achy
but it may not be the only symptom or the most prevalent symptom for women. women may also have symptoms such as: discomfort in the neck
but it may take several months before bowels return to usual stool habits. a few varieties of salmonella bacteria result in typhoid fever
but it primarily affects older women. close close close frontal fibrosing alopecia frontal fibrosing alopecia early treatment of a receding hairline (frontal fibrosing alopecia) might help avoid significant permanent baldness. the cause of this condition is unknown
but it primarily affects older women. close frontal fibrosing alopecia frontal fibrosing alopecia early treatment of a receding hairline (frontal fibrosing alopecia) might help avoid significant permanent baldness. the cause of this condition is unknown
but it primarily affects older women. early treatment of a receding hairline (frontal fibrosing alopecia) might help avoid significant permanent baldness. the cause of this condition is unknown
but it primarily affects older women. frontal fibrosing alopecia early treatment of a receding hairline (frontal fibrosing alopecia) might help avoid significant permanent baldness. the cause of this condition is unknown
but it primarily affects older women. frontal fibrosing alopecia open pop-up dialog box frontal fibrosing alopecia open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close frontal fibrosing alopecia frontal fibrosing alopecia early treatment of a receding hairline (frontal fibrosing alopecia) might help avoid significant permanent baldness. the cause of this condition is unknown
but it primarily affects older women. hair loss can appear in many different ways
but it tends to worsen with time. the tenderness usually starts at a specific spot and decreases during rest. you might have swelling around the painful area.
but it usually progresses slowly over years. the wet type is more likely to cause a relatively sudden change in vision resulting in serious vision loss.
but it will snap right back into place when you let go. your skin might also feel exceptionally soft and velvety. fragile skin. damaged skin often doesn't heal well. for example
but it's best to err on the side of caution. you may worry about the consequences for yourself or your friend or loved one
but it's common for people to have a combination of symptoms including: changes in personality. memory loss. problems understanding what is real and what is not
but it's not due to a medical condition or another eating disorder such as anorexia
but it's one of the most serious complications that can occur. signs and symptoms include: painful
but may develop anywhere on your body. sometimes it appears around surgical sites. if you have several ulcers
but may have irregular edges when very large can be extremely painful may take up to six weeks to heal and can leave extensive scarring herpetiform canker sores herpetiform canker sores are uncommon and usually develop later in life
but may include: memory loss (amnesia) of certain time periods
but may merge into one large ulcer have irregular edges heal without scarring in one to two weeks
but men with pvps have pain that never seems to get better after the procedure. pvps signs and symptoms of pvps may include: pvps pain and tenderness in the scrotum pressure or pain after ejaculation dull ache in one or both testicles pain and tenderness at the site of the vasectomy swelling of the small
but more often appears during the first several months of life. it starts as a flat red mark anywhere on the body
but more significant than what's usually expected a single symptom
but most occur on the eyelid
but most women who report having hot flashes experience them daily. on average
but not all varicoceles cause infertility.
but not more than 24 hours. serious vertigo can cause nausea. hearing loss. hearing loss in meniere's disease may come and go
but not pulsating cause mild to moderate pain might have features of chronic migraine or chronic tension-type headache hemicrania continua these headaches: affect only one side of your head are daily and continuous with no pain-free periods cause moderate pain with spikes of severe pain respond to the prescription pain reliever indomethacin (indocin) can become severe with development of migraine-like symptoms in addition
but not pulsating new daily persistent headache these headaches come on suddenly
but not specific to
but not the little finger. you might feel a sensation like an electric shock in these fingers. the sensation may travel from the wrist up the arm. these symptoms often occur while holding a steering wheel
but often on both sides pain that throbs or pulses sensitivity to light
but only a few drops of urine come out. i have severe stomach pains and an overwhelming urge to urinate.
but only a little comes out. my stomach hurts
but others develop life-threatening complications. marfan syndrome features may include: tall and slender build disproportionately long arms
but others may include: impaired movement and coordination
but others may not appear until later in infancy or early childhood. signs and symptoms may include some combination of the following: heart murmur and bluish skin due to poor circulation of oxygen-rich blood (cyanosis) as a result of a heart defect frequent infections certain facial features
but over time they may develop health or behavioral problems.
but painless
but possibly slightly lower when compared with siblings. others may have intellectual disabilities and sometimes may have behavioral problems. occasionally
but recent studies have revealed that most people with the condition have abnormalities in blood-clotting factors. blood-clotting factors are substances in your blood that help stop bleeding. these abnormalities can lead to small blood clots forming more often than they normally would. in addition
but saying it incorrectly using the wrong stress in a word
but see your doctor if: you feel like you're worrying too much
but signs and symptoms don't appear until the copper builds up in the brain
but signs and symptoms may include pain and a lump or swelling in the jaw. if left untreated
but some adults continue to have major symptoms that interfere with daily functioning. in adults
but some early clues may indicate a problem. once your child reaches school age
but some people develop persistent kidney disease.
but some people experience: a dirty white
but some people may have a very short trunk and shortened (but disproportionately large) limbs. in these disorders
but some people may improve. in a few people
but sometimes from other body areas
but sometimes it causes: pain or fullness in the left upper belly that can spread to the left shoulder a feeling of fullness without eating or after eating a small amount because the spleen is pressing on your stomach low red blood cells (anemia) frequent infections bleeding easily
but sometimes it has blisters. depending on skin tone
but sometimes may appear in other places on your body. nickel allergy signs and symptoms include: rash or bumps on the skin itching
but sometimes sleep becomes unpredictable even without them. mood changes. mood swings
but sometimes symptoms may not appear until years after the event. these symptoms cause significant problems in social or work situations and in relationships. they can also interfere with your ability to go about your normal daily tasks. ptsd symptoms are generally grouped into four types: intrusive memories
but sometimes there are symptoms on just one side of the body. typical signs and symptoms include: pain. transverse myelitis pain may begin suddenly in your lower back. sharp pain may shoot down your legs or arms or around your chest or abdomen. pain symptoms vary based on the part of your spinal cord that's affected. abnormal sensations. some people with transverse myelitis report sensations of numbness
but sometimes they're not apparent until later in life. typically
but sometimes will come on suddenly
but suddenly developed a headache
but symptoms usually peak within minutes. you may feel fatigued and worn out after a panic attack subsides. panic attacks typically include some of these signs or symptoms: sense of impending doom or danger fear of loss of control or death rapid
but tend to be milder and progress more slowly. symptoms generally begin in the teens but might not occur until the mid-20s or later. other types of muscular dystrophy some types of muscular dystrophy are defined by a specific feature or by where in the body symptoms begin. examples include: myotonic. this is characterized by an inability to relax muscles following contractions. facial and neck muscles are usually the first to be affected. people with this form typically have long
but that can change throughout the course of the disease. movement disorders the movement disorders associated with huntington's disease can include both involuntary movement problems and impairments in voluntary movements
but the condition may be more difficult to recognize in this age group. early signs and symptoms may include problems with thinking
but the condition often becomes apparent as a child starts learning to read. before school signs that a young child may be at risk of dyslexia include: late talking learning new words slowly problems forming words correctly
but the cord remains within the spinal canal. in most cases
but the extent of loss varies. noticeable vision loss usually develops over hours or days and improves over several weeks to months. vision loss is permanent in some people. visual field loss. side vision loss can occur in any pattern
but the hip joint shown on the right side of the image shows deterioration of cartilage and the formation of bone spurs due to osteoarthritis. bone spurs on spine open pop-up dialog box close bone spurs on spine bone spurs on spine in osteoarthritis of the spine
but the hip joint shown on the right side of the image shows deterioration of cartilage and the formation of bone spurs due to osteoarthritis. close close close osteoarthritis of the hip osteoarthritis of the hip the hip joint shown on the left side of the image is normal
but the hip joint shown on the right side of the image shows deterioration of cartilage and the formation of bone spurs due to osteoarthritis. close osteoarthritis of the hip osteoarthritis of the hip the hip joint shown on the left side of the image is normal
but the hip joint shown on the right side of the image shows deterioration of cartilage and the formation of bone spurs due to osteoarthritis. osteoarthritis of the hip open pop-up dialog box osteoarthritis of the hip open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close osteoarthritis of the hip osteoarthritis of the hip the hip joint shown on the left side of the image is normal
but the hip joint shown on the right side of the image shows deterioration of cartilage and the formation of bone spurs due to osteoarthritis. osteoarthritis of the hip the hip joint shown on the left side of the image is normal
but the hip joint shown on the right side of the image shows deterioration of cartilage and the formation of bone spurs due to osteoarthritis. osteoarthritis symptoms often develop slowly and worsen over time. signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis include: pain. affected joints might hurt during or after movement. stiffness. joint stiffness might be most noticeable upon awakening or after being inactive. tenderness. your joint might feel tender when you apply light pressure to or near it. loss of flexibility. you might not be able to move your joint through its full range of motion. grating sensation. you might feel a grating sensation when you use the joint
but the hip joint shown on the right side of the image shows deterioration of cartilage and the formation of bone spurs due to osteoarthritis. the hip joint shown on the left side of the image is normal
but the main ones are systemic
but the most common ones include: alcohol skin irritation spicy foods exercise insect stings certain medications when to see a doctor when to see a doctor talk to your doctor if you have problems with flushing or hives
but the most common signs and symptoms include: overly flexible joints. because the connective tissue that holds joints together is looser
but the pain can be severe enough to disrupt your daily activities. the signs and symptoms of this disorder can mimic those of other conditions
but the pattern can vary from that of adults with bipolar disorder. and moods can rapidly shift during episodes. some children may have periods without mood symptoms between episodes. the most prominent signs of bipolar disorder in children and teenagers may include severe mood swings that are different from their usual mood swings.
but the skin condition might not cause digestive symptoms. doctors treat dermatitis herpetiformis with a gluten-free diet or medication
but the symptoms don't meet the criteria for a diagnosis. it's typical to experience early ejaculation at times.
but the tip of penis (glans) is soft progressively worsening penile pain stuttering priapism — also called recurrent or intermittent priapism — is a form of ischemic priapism. an uncommon condition
but then it may come back. the pain may be worse between meals and at night. many people with peptic ulcers don't even have symptoms. less often
but then suddenly become withdrawn or aggressive or lose language skills they've already acquired. signs usually are seen by age 2 years. each child with autism spectrum disorder is likely to have a unique pattern of behavior and level of severity — from low functioning to high functioning. some children with autism spectrum disorder have difficulty learning
but there can be some differences. in younger children
but there's really no target date for developing complete bladder control. between the ages of 5 and 7
but these forms don't usually affect your nervous system. porphyria cutanea tarda (pct) is the most common type of all the porphyrias. as a result of sun exposure
but they are actually dermatoses papulosa nigra — a type of seborrheic keratosis
but they aren't usually cluttered. also
but they can also appear on my scalp and other parts of my body. i also have small dents in my nails.
but they can also be painful or susceptible to injury or bleeding. plantar warts. plantar warts are hard
but they can be treated if you consider them a cosmetic concern. unusual moles that may indicate melanoma a mole may be a sign of skin cancer if it has irregular borders or an asymmetrical shape or if it changes in color
but they can develop anywhere on your body
but they can grow. sometimes painful. lipomas can be painful if they grow and press on nearby nerves or if they contain many blood vessels.
but they can look like cancer on x-rays. if you develop symptoms
but they can worsen if your infection isn't treated or spreads. doctors often classify swimmer's ear according to mild
but they cause you to awaken
but they have the same symptoms. mania is more severe than hypomania and causes more noticeable problems at work
but they last longer. signs and symptoms of pneumonia may include: chest pain when you breathe or cough confusion or changes in mental awareness (in adults age 65 and older) cough
but they may be in an unusual location in the abdomen. sometimes the pair of tubes that eggs travel through to get from the ovaries to the uterus (fallopian tubes) are absent or do not develop typically. vaginal agenesis may also be associated with other issues
but they may have the following behaviors that suggest difficulty seeing: persistently squint seem unaware of distant objects blink excessively rub their eyes frequently sit close to the television adults with myopia may notice difficulty reading street signs or signs in a store. some people may experience blurry vision in dim light
but they share some similar effects and dangers
but they tend to recur. close close close genital herpes genital herpes sores associated with genital herpes can be small bumps
but they tend to recur. close genital herpes genital herpes sores associated with genital herpes can be small bumps
but they tend to recur. genital herpes open pop-up dialog box genital herpes open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close genital herpes genital herpes sores associated with genital herpes can be small bumps
but they tend to recur. genital herpes sores associated with genital herpes can be small bumps
but they tend to recur. most people infected with hsv don't know they have it. they may have no symptoms or have very mild symptoms. hsv symptoms start about 2 to 12 days after exposure to the virus. they may include: pain or itching around the genitals small bumps or blisters around the genitals
but they tend to recur. sores associated with genital herpes can be small bumps
but they're more common in adults with light skin. unlike freckles
but they're not caused by herpes virus infection. these canker sores: are pinpoint size often occur in clusters of 10 to 100 sores
but they're often hard to spot because they're small
but they're proportionate to each other. because these disorders affect overall growth
but they're smaller. spider veins are found closer to the skin's surface and are often red or blue. spider veins occur on the legs but can also be found on the face. they vary in size and often look like a spider's web.
but typically they grow slowly and remain shorter than other children the same age. intellectual disabilities most children with down syndrome have mild to moderate cognitive impairment. language is delayed
but unlike dandruff
but unsuccessful
but usually appears before age 30. depending on the type of vitiligo you have
but usually involve delusions
but usually isn't painful. over time
but whatever your symptoms
but when i do
but when i go to the bathroom
but when it occurs
but whose schoolwork and friendships remain unaffected.
but you have difficulty with arousal or are unable to become aroused or maintain arousal during sexual activity. orgasmic disorder. you have persistent or recurrent difficulty in achieving orgasm after sufficient sexual arousal and ongoing stimulation. sexual pain disorder. you have pain associated with sexual stimulation or vaginal contact.
but you may also experience: longer lasting headaches dizziness unsteadiness fainting ringing in the ears or hearing loss blurred vision or double vision tremor a cough headache only happens right after coughing. other headache pain is not a cough headache if you already had a headache when you coughed
but you may be at a normal weight. behavioral and emotional signs and symptoms of binge-eating disorder include: eating unusually large amounts of food in a specific amount of time
but you may feel itchy everywhere. the itching is often worse at night and may bother you so much that you can't sleep. the itching is most common during the third trimester of pregnancy but sometimes begins earlier. it may feel worse as your due date gets near. but once your baby arrives
but you may have several episodes of acute sinusitis before developing chronic sinusitis. fever isn't a common sign of chronic sinusitis
but you might have a thick white discharge that resembles cottage cheese. trichomoniasis. an infection called trichomoniasis (trik-o-moe-nie-uh-sis) can cause a greenish-yellow
but you might have one with acute sinusitis.
but you still feel anxious even when there's no apparent reason. for example
but you've never had a manic episode. cyclothymic disorder. you've had at least two years — or one year in children and teenagers — of many periods of hypomania symptoms and periods of depressive symptoms (though less severe than major depression). other types. these include
buttocks
buttocks and breasts. it causes smooth patches of inflamed skin that worsen with friction and sweating. fungal infections may trigger this type of psoriasis. pustular psoriasis. pustular psoriasis
buttocks and breasts. leaking bumps or sores. some bumps or sores get bigger
buttocks or other places on the body pink
buzzing
by definition
by injecting themselves with bacteria
by type and among individuals. some people with the gene mutations that cause porphyria never have any symptoms. acute porphyrias acute porphyrias include forms of the disease that typically cause nervous system symptoms
bystanders may notice: jerky
c-shaped tube behind the testicle where sperm are stored (epididymis) pain with sex
call 911 or your local emergency number immediately
call 911 or your local emergency number immediately. if you know someone who's in danger of attempting suicide or has made a suicide attempt
call or text 988 to reach the 988 suicide & crisis lifeline
call your doctor. suicidal thoughts or behavior if you have thoughts of hurting yourself or someone else
call your health care provider.
called a chancre (shang-kur). the sore appears at the spot where the bacteria entered your body. while most people infected with syphilis develop only one chancre
called acrofacial vitiligo
called acute mitral valve regurgitation
called an autoinjector.
called ascites (uh-sahy-teez). spiderlike blood vessels on the skin. redness in the palms of the hands. pale fingernails
called ascites (uh-sy-teez).
called astigmatism
called cyanosis
called ecthyma
called edema. weight loss. itchy skin. yellow discoloration in the skin and eyes
called farsightedness or nearsightedness. extreme sensitivity to light
called flares
called generalized vitiligo
called graves' dermopathy
called infantile form
called insomnia
called insomnia.
called jaundice nausea loss of appetite oily
called jaundice. fluid accumulation in the abdomen
called milia
called nonparalytic polio
called nystagmus. an uncommon head position or head posture
called pain crises
called palpitations fainting or a feeling of lightheadedness
called pheochromocytoma
called photophobia difficulty concentrating feeling that you cannot keep your eyes open
called photophobia.
called photophobia. a difference in the curve of the front surface of the eye or the lens inside the eye
called poliovirus
called receding gums. a change in the way your teeth fit together when you bite. when to see a dentist follow your dentist's recommended schedule for regular checkups. if you notice any symptoms of periodontitis
called segmental vitiligo
called sepsis. in very serious cases
called solar lentigines (len-tij-ih-neez). sunburn and no ability to tan. for some people with albinism
called spina bifida occulta
called steppage gait
called telangiectasia
called the epididymis
called the irises
called the retina. this difference results in reduced vision. nerve signals from the retina to the brain that don't follow the usual nerve pathways in the eye. this is called misrouting of the optic nerve. poor depth perception
called universal vitiligo
can affect many sites in your body
can affect your airways
can be life-threatening. mm hg mm hg mm hg extreme low blood pressure can lead to a condition known as shock. symptoms of shock include: confusion
can be particularly tough on the achilles tendon in your ankle. hands. gripping sports
can become impaired. some people develop other neurological symptoms such as problems with movement. with these complications
can cause severe health problems
can cause signs and symptoms such as breathing difficulty and chest pains. mesothelioma of tunica vaginalis
can cause skin to: atopic dermatitis
can cause: hay fever
can come and go or become less severe over time. signs and symptoms depend on which parts of your body are affected. areas commonly affected by behcet's disease include: mouth. painful mouth sores that look similar to canker sores are the most common sign of behcet's disease. they begin as raised
can develop at any age. type 2 diabetes is more common in people older than 40. but type 2 diabetes in children is increasing.
can develop chronic histoplasmosis. signs of chronic histoplasmosis can include weight loss and a bloody cough. chronic histoplasmosis symptoms sometimes mimic those of tuberculosis. severe histoplasmosis the most severe variety of histoplasmosis occurs mainly in infants and in people with weakened immune systems. called disseminated histoplasmosis
can form around the affected joint. swelling. this might be caused by soft tissue inflammation around the joint.
can help to minimize your risk of muscle strains. try to be in shape to play your sport; don't play your sport to get in shape. if you have a physically demanding occupation
can increase the risk of sarcoma that affects the liver. exposure to viruses. the virus called human herpesvirus 8 can increase the risk of a type of sarcoma called kaposi's sarcoma in people with weakened immune systems. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff sarcoma care at mayo clinic
can increase your risk of muscle strains in your hands. elbows. elbow strains are often caused by throwing sports and racquet sports. prevention regular stretching and strengthening exercises for your sport
can involve complete loss of memory about yourself. it may sometimes involve travel or confused wandering away from your life (dissociative fugue). an episode of amnesia usually occurs suddenly and may last minutes
can occur hours
can progress through four stages: prodrome
can result in the loss of hair all over your body. the hair usually grows back. patches of scaling that spread over the scalp. this is a sign of ringworm. it may be accompanied by broken hair
can sometimes cause cryoglobulinemia. autoimmune disorders. disease such as lupus
can trigger a severe reaction known as anaphylaxis. a life-threatening medical emergency
cancer
cancer begins when cells develop changes (mutations) in their dna. a cell's dna contains instructions that tell a cell what to do. the dna mutations tell the cells to grow and multiply rapidly
cancer forms when changes (mutations) happen in the dna within cells. the dna inside a cell is packaged into a large number of individual genes
cancer reappears in the same area as your original cancer. if you've undergone a lumpectomy
carbuncles cause a deeper and more severe infection and are more likely to leave a scar. people who have a carbuncle often feel unwell in general and may experience a fever and chills.
cardiac catheterization and angiogram
cardiogenic shock signs and symptoms include: rapid breathing severe shortness of breath sudden
cardiovascular disease
cardioversion or treatment with medications may be used to restore and maintain a normal heart rhythm. long-standing persistent. this type of atrial fibrillation is continuous and lasts longer than 12 months. permanent. in this type of atrial fibrillation
carefully search out specific items
carotid artery disease often doesn't produce any signs or symptoms. the condition may go unnoticed until it's serious enough to deprive your brain of blood
carpal tunnel syndrome symptoms usually start gradually and include: tingling or numbness. you may notice tingling and numbness in the fingers or hand. usually the thumb and index
cause a loss of muscle control. since this most often affects the legs
cause damage to the brain and nervous system and the eye. congenital syphilis babies born to women who have syphilis can become infected through the placenta or during birth. most newborns with congenital syphilis have no symptoms
caused by a fractured or collapsed vertebra loss of height over time a stooped posture a bone that breaks much more easily than expected
caused by a sudden drop in blood pressure. urinary problems
caused by fluid in the lungs pain in the upper belly
caused by the backup of urine into the kidneys.
caused by the infection. close close close strep throat infection strep throat infection strep throat usually causes throat pain and difficulty swallowing. this photo of strep throat shows inflammation and red spots
caused by the infection. close strep throat infection strep throat infection strep throat usually causes throat pain and difficulty swallowing. this photo of strep throat shows inflammation and red spots
caused by the infection. signs and symptoms of strep throat can include: throat pain that usually comes on quickly painful swallowing red and swollen tonsils
caused by the infection. strep throat infection open pop-up dialog box strep throat infection open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close strep throat infection strep throat infection strep throat usually causes throat pain and difficulty swallowing. this photo of strep throat shows inflammation and red spots
caused by the infection. strep throat infection strep throat usually causes throat pain and difficulty swallowing. this photo of strep throat shows inflammation and red spots
caused by the infection. strep throat usually causes throat pain and difficulty swallowing. this photo of strep throat shows inflammation and red spots
causes clearly defined pus-filled blisters. it can occur in widespread patches or on small areas of the palms or soles. erythrodermic psoriasis. the least common type of psoriasis
causes pain only when pressure is applied to the area surrounding the entrance to your vagina.
causes signs and symptoms that may include: peritoneal mesothelioma abdominal pain abdominal swelling nausea unexplained weight loss other forms of mesothelioma signs and symptoms of other types of mesothelioma are unclear
causes signs and symptoms that may include: pleural mesothelioma chest pain painful coughing shortness of breath unusual lumps of tissue under the skin on your chest unexplained weight loss peritoneal mesothelioma
causes sudden signs and symptoms. fatigue is a common but nonspecific symptom of mitral valve regurgitation. other signs and symptoms of mitral valve regurgitation include: sound of blood flow across the valve (heart murmur) irregular heartbeat (arrhythmia) shortness of breath (dyspnea)
causing a heart attack. during a heart attack
causing a stroke or tia. signs and symptoms of a stroke or tia include: sudden numbness or weakness in the face or limbs
causing breast tenderness
causing bumps that can be seen on x-rays. raynaud's phenomenon raynaud's phenomenon is common in scleroderma and occurs because of an inappropriate and exaggerated contraction of the small blood vessels in the fingers and toes in response to the cold or emotional distress. when this happens
causing burning pain sudden painful skin redness (erythema) and swelling (edema blisters on exposed skin
causing dizziness or lightheadedness peripheral neuropathy can affect one nerve (mononeuropathy)
causing numbness and other problems. causes cryoglobulinemia has been associated with: infections. hepatitis c is the most common infection associated with cryoglobulinemia. others include hepatitis b
causing numbness.
causing pain
causing palpitations and fainting
causing pitting
causing pneumonia or bronchiolitis — inflammation of the small airway passages entering the lungs. signs and symptoms may include: rsv fever severe cough wheezing — a high-pitched noise that's usually heard on breathing out (exhaling) rapid breathing or difficulty breathing — the person may prefer to sit up rather than lie down bluish color of the skin due to lack of oxygen (cyanosis) infants are most severely affected by rsv. signs and symptoms of severe rsv infection in infants include: rsv rsv short
causing potentially life-threatening infections in bones
causing separation from parents or other loved ones refusing to be away from home because of fear of separation not wanting to be home alone and without a parent or other loved one in the house reluctance or refusing to sleep away from home without a parent or other loved one nearby repeated nightmares about separation frequent complaints of headaches
causing signs and symptoms
causing swelling in your legs
causing the nose to appear bulbous (rhinophyma). this occurs more often in men than in women.
causing the nose to appear bulbous (rhinophyma). this occurs more often in men than in women. close close close rhinophyma rhinophyma over time
causing the nose to appear bulbous (rhinophyma). this occurs more often in men than in women. close rhinophyma rhinophyma over time
causing the nose to appear bulbous (rhinophyma). this occurs more often in men than in women. over time
causing the nose to appear bulbous (rhinophyma). this occurs more often in men than in women. rhinophyma open pop-up dialog box rhinophyma open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close rhinophyma rhinophyma over time
causing the nose to appear bulbous (rhinophyma). this occurs more often in men than in women. rhinophyma over time
causing the nose to appear bulbous (rhinophyma). this occurs more often in men than in women. signs and symptoms of rosacea include: facial blushing or flushing. rosacea can cause a persistent blushing or flushing in the central part of your face. this sign of the condition may be difficult to see on brown and black skin. visible veins. small blood vessels of your nose and cheeks break and become visible (spider veins). swollen bumps. many people with rosacea also develop pimples on their face that resemble acne. these bumps sometimes contain pus. burning sensation. the skin of the affected area may feel hot and tender. eye problems. many people with rosacea also experience dry
causing trouble breathing nausea or abdominal cramps vomiting or diarrhea dizziness or lightheadedness weak
causing uncontrollable coughing. severe and prolonged coughing attacks may: provoke vomiting result in a red or blue face cause extreme fatigue end with a high-pitched "whoop" sound during the next breath of air however
causing you to fall. some people with narcolepsy experience only one or two episodes of cataplexy a year. others have several episodes a day. not everyone with narcolepsy has these symptoms. sleep paralysis. people with narcolepsy often experience sleep paralysis. during sleep paralysis
causing your lashes to turn in so that they rub on and scratch the transparent outer surface of your eye (cornea). corneal clouding (opacity). the cornea becomes affected by an inflammation that is most commonly seen under your upper lid. continuous inflammation compounded by scratching from the in-turned lashes leads to clouding of the cornea. all the signs of trachoma are more severe in your upper lid than in your lower lid. without intervention
ccms may exist without apparent symptoms. seizures may occur when there is a ccm on the outer surface of the brain. ccms ccm a wide variety of signs and symptoms may occur when ccms are found in the brainstem
cells can break away and spread (metastasize) to other areas of the body. risk factors factors that can increase the risk of chondrosarcoma include: increasing age. chondrosarcoma occurs most often in middle-aged and older adults
cells continue to divide — even when new cells aren't needed. as these cells accumulate
cellulite looks like dimpled or bumpy skin. it's sometimes described as having a cottage cheese or orange peel texture. you can see mild cellulite only if you pinch your skin in an area where you have cellulite
cellulitis usually occurs on one side of the body. its signs and symptoms may include: an irritated area of skin that tends to expand swelling tenderness pain warmth fever chills spots blisters skin dimpling
central nervous system
certain muscle groups are more commonly affected than others. eye muscles in more than half of people who develop myasthenia gravis
certain substances accumulate in the brain. what causes these changes is usually unknown. there are genetic mutations that have been linked to frontotemporal dementia. but more than half of the people who develop frontotemporal dementia have no family history of dementia. recently
certain symptoms ― particularly destructive and criminal behavior ― may decrease over time. it's not clear whether this decrease is a result of the effect aging has on their mind and body
cervical spondylosis results in a narrowing of the spinal canal within the bones of the spine (the vertebrae). the spinal canal is the space inside the vertebrae that the spinal cord and the nerve roots pass through to reach the rest of the body. if the spinal cord or nerve roots become pinched
cervicitis causes no signs and symptoms
cervicitis open pop-up dialog box close cervicitis cervicitis with cervicitis
cervix and vagina
chagas disease can cause a sudden
chagas disease signs and symptoms may include: irregular heartbeat heart failure sudden cardiac arrest difficulty swallowing due to enlarged esophagus stomach pain or constipation due to enlarged colon
chagas disease will advance to the chronic phase. chronic phase signs and symptoms of the chronic phase of chagas disease may occur 10 to 20 years after initial infection
chalky stools
changes in blood pressure
changes with age. many people notice they become more forgetful as they age. it may take longer to think of a word or to recall a person's name. if concerns with mental function go beyond what's expected
chaotic muscle jerks (myoclonus) in your limbs and trunk. stiff person syndrome. previously called stiff man syndrome
characteristics that likely indicate cas include: cas vowel and consonant distortions separation of syllables in or between words voicing errors
cheek or neck that may lead to difficulty breathing or swallowing tender
cheeks
cheeks and nose are sometimes called flesh moles
cheeks or lips mild pain and warmth in the affected areas
cheeks sunken soft spot on top of skull listlessness or irritability adult extreme thirst less frequent urination dark-colored urine fatigue dizziness confusion when to see a doctor call your family doctor if you or a loved one: has had diarrhea for 24 hours or more is irritable or disoriented and much sleepier or less active than usual can't keep down fluids has bloody or black stool
chest
chest and back
chest and back. the rash
chest discomfort
chest or abdomen that look like a pine-tree pattern. the rash can cause itching.
chest or abdomen. before the herald patch appears
chest or back patches that gradually develop a lighter or whitish center linear patches
chest or back. usually a child has only one mark. some children may have more than one
chest pain
chest pain (angina) or stroke. coronary artery disease symptoms may be different for men and women. for instance
chest pain can feel different depending on what's triggering the symptom. often
chest pain is a common symptom in women with angina
chest pain is less likely due to a heart problem if it happens with: a sour taste or a sensation of food reentering the mouth trouble swallowing pain that gets better or worse when you change body position pain that gets worse when you breathe deeply or cough tenderness when you push on your chest pain that continues for many hours the classic symptoms of heartburn — a painful
chest pain is the most common symptom of pericarditis. it usually feels sharp or stabbing. however
chest pains
chest pressure and chest discomfort (angina) shortness of breath pain in the neck
chest tightness
chest tightness or shortness of breath anaphylaxis a severe allergic reaction can lead to anaphylaxis
chewing
chewing or eating excessive drooling or problems with swallowing development delays in reaching motor skills milestones
chewing or eating pulled-out hair playing with pulled-out hair or rubbing it across your lips or face repeatedly trying to stop pulling out your hair or trying to do it less often without success significant distress or problems at work
chewing or swallowing double vision or inability to move the eyes severe pain that may feel achy
chewing or swallowing other types of lichen planus if you have oral lichen planus
child
children and adults initially
children and teens may be: less likely to have delusions more likely to have visual hallucinations symptoms may be difficult to interpret when childhood schizophrenia begins early in life
children lose the ability to perform skills they previously had. this loss can be rapid or more gradual
children may gradually regain eye contact and develop nonverbal communication skills. unusual hand movements. children with rett syndrome usually develop repetitive
children the first sign of intussusception in an otherwise healthy infant may be sudden
children with childhood apraxia of speech (cas) may have many speech symptoms or characteristics that vary depending on their age and the severity of their speech problems. cas can be associated with: cas delayed onset of first words a limited number of spoken words the ability to form only a few consonant or vowel sounds these symptoms are usually noticed between ages 18 months and 2 years
children with sleep apnea might: perform poorly in school. have trouble paying attention. have learning problems. have behavioral problems. have poor weight gain. be hyperactive.
chills
chills and blood in your urine. a kidney stone usually will not cause symptoms until it moves around within the kidney or passes into one of the ureters. the ureters are the tubes that connect the kidneys and bladder. if a kidney stone becomes lodged in the ureters
chills and blood in your urine. close close close kidney stones kidney stones kidney stones form in your kidneys. as stones move into your ureters — the thin tubes that allow urine to pass from your kidneys to your bladder — signs and symptoms can result. signs and symptoms of kidney stones can include severe pain
chills and blood in your urine. close kidney stones kidney stones kidney stones form in your kidneys. as stones move into your ureters — the thin tubes that allow urine to pass from your kidneys to your bladder — signs and symptoms can result. signs and symptoms of kidney stones can include severe pain
chills and blood in your urine. kidney stones form in your kidneys. as stones move into your ureters — the thin tubes that allow urine to pass from your kidneys to your bladder — signs and symptoms can result. signs and symptoms of kidney stones can include severe pain
chills and blood in your urine. kidney stones kidney stones form in your kidneys. as stones move into your ureters — the thin tubes that allow urine to pass from your kidneys to your bladder — signs and symptoms can result. signs and symptoms of kidney stones can include severe pain
chills and blood in your urine. kidney stones open pop-up dialog box kidney stones open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close kidney stones kidney stones kidney stones form in your kidneys. as stones move into your ureters — the thin tubes that allow urine to pass from your kidneys to your bladder — signs and symptoms can result. signs and symptoms of kidney stones can include severe pain
chills and body aches a bite wound with a pale center that turns dark blue or purple with a red ring around it a bite wound that grows into an open sore (ulcer) with the skin around it dying
chipped or loose worn tooth enamel
chloride and potassium. shock. this is one of the most serious complications of dehydration. it occurs when low blood volume causes a drop in blood pressure and a drop in the amount of oxygen in your body. if untreated
choking or wheezing with trouble breathing shock
cholesterol-modifying medications
cholesterols and other substances gather along the walls of your arteries. this process is called atherosclerosis. it's typically no cause for concern. however
chondrosarcoma tends to grow slowly
chronic daily headaches occur 15 days or more a month
chronic myelogenous leukemia often doesn't cause signs and symptoms. it might be detected during a blood test. when they occur
chronic sinusitis and elevated counts of white blood cells called eosinophils. other signs and symptoms might include: loss of appetite and weight loss joint and muscle pain abdominal pain and gastrointestinal bleeding weakness
churg-strauss syndrome varies greatly from person to person. some people have only mild symptoms. others have severe or life-threatening complications. also known as egpa
circular area around the nipple (areola) unusual pain during nursing or painful nipples between feedings stabbing pains deep within the breast when to see a doctor if you or your child develops white lesions inside the mouth
circumstances and other factors. mental illness symptoms can affect emotions
claiming that medical attention is needed. usually this involves a parent harming a child. this form of abuse can put a child in serious danger of injury or unnecessary medical care. how those with factitious disorder fake illness because people with factitious disorder become experts at faking symptoms and diseases or inflicting real injuries upon themselves
clammy skin decrease in skin coloration (pallor) rapid
clammy skin that can be pale or lips that can be bluish-gray a weak and rapid pulse breathing that may be slow and shallow or very rapid dull eyes that seem to stare a baby in shock might be conscious or unconscious.
clammy skin wheezing or gasping for breath long-term (chronic) pulmonary edema signs and symptoms awakening at night with a cough or breathless feeling that may be relieved by sitting up difficulty breathing with activity or when lying flat fatigue more shortness of breath than usual when you're physically active new or worsening cough rapid weight gain swelling in the legs and feet wheezing high-altitude pulmonary edema (hape) signs and symptoms hape can occur in adults and children who travel to or exercise at high altitudes. symptoms are similar to those that occur with acute pulmonary edema and can include: hape headache
clammy sweat blurred vision during a vasovagal syncope episode
clapping
clapping or smacking lips a decline in personal hygiene changes in eating habits
cleaning fluids and household aerosol products. due to the toxic nature of these substances
clear
clearly and loudly needing to turn up the volume of the television or radio withdrawal from conversations avoidance of some social settings
cleft palate or a combination of other factors typical of 22q11.2 deletion syndrome — are readily apparent at birth
clenching his or her buttocks
clinginess
clinging
clinging to parents or refusing to speak in social situations. performance type of social anxiety disorder is when you experience intense fear and anxiety during speaking or performing in public but not in other types of more general social situations. physical symptoms physical signs and symptoms can sometimes accompany social anxiety disorder and may include: blushing fast heartbeat trembling sweating upset stomach or nausea trouble catching your breath dizziness or lightheadedness feeling that your mind has gone blank muscle tension avoiding common social situations common
clinical features and diagnosis. https://www.uptodate.com/contents/search. accessed dec. 31
clonazepam (klonopin) and chlordiazepoxide (librium). hypnotics. examples include prescription sleeping medicines such as zolpidem (ambien) and zaleplon (sonata). signs and symptoms of recent use can include: drowsiness slurred speech lack of coordination irritability or changes in mood problems concentrating or thinking clearly memory problems involuntary eye movements lack of inhibition slowed breathing and reduced blood pressure falls or accidents dizziness meth
clothes
clothing
clothing and towels. itching and soreness are generally mild. a less common form of the condition called bullous impetigo causes larger blisters on the trunk of infants and young children. ecthyma is a serious form of impetigo that causes painful fluid- or pus-filled sores.
clotted blood vessels
clubfoot itself doesn't cause any discomfort or pain.
clumsiness and difficulty with balance hand clumsiness hoarseness
coarctation of the aorta symptoms depend on how much of the aorta is narrowed. most people don't have symptoms. mild coarctation may not be diagnosed until adulthood. babies with severe coarctation of the aorta may show symptoms shortly after birth. symptoms of coarctation of the aorta in infants include: difficulty breathing difficulty feeding heavy sweating irritability pale skin symptoms of coarctation of the aorta after infancy commonly include: chest pain headaches high blood pressure leg cramps or cold feet muscle weakness nosebleeds depending on where the coarctation is located
coarse skin brittle nails depression or anxiety
coarse wrinkles deep
coarse wrinkles open pop-up dialog box close deep
coarse wrinkles open pop-up dialog box deep
coarse wrinkles open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close deep
coarse wrinkles with repeated sun exposure
cocaine
cocaine and other stimulants stimulants include amphetamines
cockroach waste
codeine
cognitive and psychiatric disorders with a wide spectrum of signs and symptoms. which symptoms appear first varies greatly from person to person. some symptoms appear more dominant or have a greater effect on functional ability
cold hands and feets
cold intolerance
cold skin (in infants) someone with hypothermia usually isn't aware of his or her condition because the symptoms often begin gradually. also
cold urticaria signs and symptoms may include: temporary itchy welts (hives) on the area of skin that was exposed to cold a worsening of the reaction as the skin warms swelling of hands while holding cold objects swelling of lips from consuming cold food or drink severe reactions may include: a whole-body response (anaphylaxis)
coldness or burning. some are especially sensitive to the light touch of clothing or to extreme heat or cold. you may feel as if something is tightly wrapping the skin of your chest
collapse and loss of consciousness are the most common symptoms of ventricular fibrillation. before a ventricular fibrillation episode
collarbone
color or height. moles may also evolve to develop new signs and symptoms
colorless
coma
combativeness or other unusual behavior slurred speech coma and other disorders of consciousness children's symptoms infants and young children with brain injuries might not be able to communicate headaches
come and go
comma-shaped tube above and behind the testicle that stores and transports sperm swelling in the scrotum redness of the skin of the scrotum nausea or vomiting if the cause of a scrotal mass is an infection
common anxiety signs and symptoms include: feeling nervous
common on black or brown skin varied in color
common red flags
common side effects may include mild nausea or diarrhea
common signs and symptoms include: high blood pressure poor kidney function if the arteries affected supply blood to the brain
common signs and symptoms of central sleep apnea include: observed episodes of not breathing or abnormal breathing patterns during sleep abrupt awakenings accompanied by shortness of breath difficulty staying asleep (insomnia) excessive daytime sleepiness (hypersomnia) difficulty concentrating mood changes morning headaches snoring although snoring indicates some degree of airflow obstruction
common signs and symptoms of chronic sinusitis include: nasal inflammation thick
common signs and symptoms of gerd include: gerd a burning sensation in your chest (heartburn)
common signs and symptoms of head lice may include: itching. the most common symptom of head lice is itching on the scalp
common sites of scabies usually include the: fingers face
common symptoms are low blood pressure
common symptoms of bph include: bph frequent or urgent need to pee
common symptoms of esophagitis include: difficulty swallowing. painful swallowing. swallowed food becoming stuck in the esophagus
common symptoms of hemifacial spasm include twitching or contracting of muscles in the face that are usually: on one side of the face uncontrollable painless these contractions often start in the eyelid
common warts are simply unsightly
common warts open pop-up dialog box close common warts common warts common warts can grow on your hands or fingers. they're small
common warts usually occur on your fingers or hands and may be: small
communicate and remain independent. cognitive disorders cognitive impairments often associated with huntington's disease include: difficulty organizing
communication and hand skills generally remain stable or improve slightly
complexion
compression of the celiac artery doesn't cause any symptoms. however
computer work or drawing
concentrate or make decisions restlessness severe anxiety and panic attacks thoughts of harming yourself or your baby recurring thoughts of death or suicide untreated
concentrating
concentration and other thinking skills that may affect job performance older adults among adults 60 years of age and older
concerta
concerts and parties. examples include methylenedioxymethamphetamine
confused and washed out for up to a day. some people report feeling elated. sudden head movement might bring on the pain again briefly.
confused or disoriented memory or concentration problems mood changes or mood swings feeling depressed or anxious difficulty sleeping sleeping more than usual moderate to severe traumatic brain injuries moderate to severe traumatic brain injuries can include any of the signs and symptoms of mild injury
confusion
confusion and memory loss
confusion and other symptoms
confusion and similar symptoms. in a child with traumatic brain injury
congenital diaphragmatic hernia ranges in severity. it may be mild and have few or no effects on the baby
congestion
connecting the lumps. these wounds heal very slowly
conning others recurring problems with the law repeated violation of the rights of others aggressive
consider a pregnancy test.
consistently describe the desire to move the legs. rls it's common for symptoms to fluctuate in severity. sometimes
constant
constant pain in the belly area or side of the belly (abdomen) back pain a pulse near the bellybutton
constipation
constipation and abdominal cramping. ibs can accompany endometriosis
constipation and confusion
constipation or diarrhea. you keep smoking despite health problems. even though you've developed health problems with your lungs or your heart
constipation or more-frequent bowel movements dark maroon or bright red blood in stool narrow stool a feeling that your bowel doesn't empty completely abdominal pain unexplained weight loss weakness or fatigue
consult your doctor if nightmares: occur frequently and persist over time routinely disrupt sleep cause fear of going to sleep cause daytime behavior problems or difficulty functioning
consult your doctor if sleep terrors: become more frequent routinely disrupt the sleep of the person with sleep terrors or other family members lead to safety concerns or injury result in daytime symptoms of excessive sleepiness or problems functioning continue beyond the teen years or start in adulthood
contact dermatitis on the face open pop-up dialog box close contact dermatitis on the face contact dermatitis on the face contact dermatitis often affects skin directly exposed to an offending substance. here
contact your dentist or oral surgeon immediately.
continue to have difficulty with language or social skills
continuous ache pain that radiates to your lower back and thighs some women also have: nausea loose stools headache dizziness
continuous feel of urine
continuous sneezing
controlling or manipulative. they may throw temper tantrums
coordinated patterns of movements involve several muscle groups. tics can also involve movement (motor tics) or sounds (vocal tics). motor tics usually begin before vocal tics do. but the spectrum of tics that people experience is diverse. common motor tics seen in tourette syndrome simple tics complex tics eye blinking touching or smelling objects head jerking repeating observed movements shoulder shrugging stepping in a certain pattern eye darting obscene gesturing nose twitching bending or twisting mouth movements hopping common motor tics seen in tourette syndrome simple tics complex tics simple tics complex tics simple tics complex tics eye blinking touching or smelling objects head jerking repeating observed movements shoulder shrugging stepping in a certain pattern eye darting obscene gesturing nose twitching bending or twisting mouth movements hopping eye blinking touching or smelling objects eye blinking touching or smelling objects head jerking repeating observed movements head jerking repeating observed movements shoulder shrugging stepping in a certain pattern shoulder shrugging stepping in a certain pattern eye darting obscene gesturing eye darting obscene gesturing nose twitching bending or twisting nose twitching bending or twisting mouth movements hopping mouth movements hopping common vocal tics seen in tourette syndrome simple tics complex tics grunting repeating one's own words or phrases coughing repeating others' words or phrases throat clearing using vulgar
copd symptoms often don't appear until significant lung damage has occurred
coping and interacting with others may include: difficulty in school trouble getting along with others poor social skills trouble adapting to change or switching from one task to another problems with behavior and impulse control poor concept of time problems staying on task difficulty planning or working toward a goal
coping and interacting with others may include: difficulty in school trouble getting along with others poor social skills trouble adapting to change or switching from one task to another problems with behavior and impulse control poor concept of time problems staying on task difficulty planning or working toward a goal when to see a doctorif you're pregnant and can't stop drinking
correction fluid
corticosteroid medications or other medications to treat an acute exacerbation.
cough
cough or strain. umbilical hernias in children are usually painless. umbilical hernias that appear during adulthood may cause abdominal discomfort.
coughing
coughing a lot
coughing or choking. mouth breathing. nighttime sweating. bed-wetting. sleep terrors. infants and young children with obstructive sleep apnea don't always snore. they might just have disturbed sleep. during the day
coughing or lifting a heavy or dragging sensation in your groin weakness or pressure in your groin occasionally
coughing or straining during a bowel movement. he or she might be irritable and have less appetite than usual. in an older child
coughing or trouble breathing persistent fatigue fever night sweats unexplained weight loss
coughing or wheezing coughing or wheezing attacks that are worsened by a respiratory virus
coughing or wheezing skin symptoms some people with pet allergy may also experience skin symptoms
coughing up blood
covering large areas of the body. a drug rash usually starts within two weeks of taking a new medication and begins as discrete red spots that spread
covering large areas of the body. close close close drug rash drug rash a drug rash usually starts within two weeks of taking a new medication and begins as discrete red spots that spread
covering large areas of the body. close drug rash drug rash a drug rash usually starts within two weeks of taking a new medication and begins as discrete red spots that spread
covering large areas of the body. drug rash a drug rash usually starts within two weeks of taking a new medication and begins as discrete red spots that spread
covering large areas of the body. drug rash open pop-up dialog box drug rash open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close drug rash drug rash a drug rash usually starts within two weeks of taking a new medication and begins as discrete red spots that spread
covering large areas of the body. signs and symptoms of penicillin allergy often occur within an hour after taking the drug. less commonly
covering part of the face
covid-19 often results in mild symptoms such as fever
cracked
cracked lips and an extremely red
cracked or itchy nipples shiny or flaky skin on the darker
cracked skin itchiness (pruritus) rash on swollen skin that varies in color depending on your skin color small
cracked skin leathery or scaly patches sometimes itchiness lasts a long time and can be intense. as you rub or scratch the area
cracked skin on my fingers and soles that hurts and bleeds frequently. the skin is also itchy and covered with scales.
cracked skin that may bleed itching
cracks or sores you have four or more yeast infections in a year your infection is caused by a less typical type of fungus you're pregnant you have uncontrolled diabetes your immune system is weakened because of certain medications or conditions such as hiv infection
cramping or bloating vomiting fever all forms of hus — no matter the cause — damage the blood vessels. this damage causes red blood cells to break down (anemia)
cramping or soreness that often starts in the calf change in skin color on the leg — such as red or purple
cramps
cramps or a knotted feeling in your abdomen a feeling of fullness or pressure in your abdomen (bloating) an observable increase in the size of your abdomen (distention) burping is normal
cramps or bloating weight loss nausea fecal incontinence dehydration the symptoms of microscopic colitis can come and go frequently. sometimes the symptoms resolve on their own.
crawl and walk delay in speaking problems at birth
crawling and sitting up muscle weakness
creating many abnormal cells. in cutaneous t-cell lymphoma
crossed eyes or closing one eye at a time. breathing problems. these include breath holding
croup often begins as an ordinary cold. if there's enough swelling
crumble or separate from the nail beds. eye inflammation. uveitis can cause eye pain
crusted surface melanoma signs and symptoms melanoma can develop anywhere on your body
crusting or flaking of the pigmented area of skin surrounding the nipple (areola) or breast skin redness or pitting of the skin over your breast
crying
cte may cause during life. little is known right now about how cte progresses.
cured
curvature of the spine (scoliosis)
cut or burn themselves. they may take medications
cutaneous anthrax is seldom fatal. signs and symptoms include: a raised
cystic acne open pop-up dialog box close cystic acne cystic acne cystic acne — the most severe form of acne — occurs when oil and dead skin cells build up deep within hair follicles. the resulting rupture within your skin may form boil-like inflammation. cystic acne open pop-up dialog box cystic acne open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close cystic acne cystic acne cystic acne — the most severe form of acne — occurs when oil and dead skin cells build up deep within hair follicles. the resulting rupture within your skin may form boil-like inflammation. close cystic acne cystic acne cystic acne — the most severe form of acne — occurs when oil and dead skin cells build up deep within hair follicles. the resulting rupture within your skin may form boil-like inflammation. close cystic acne cystic acne cystic acne — the most severe form of acne — occurs when oil and dead skin cells build up deep within hair follicles. the resulting rupture within your skin may form boil-like inflammation. close close close cystic acne cystic acne cystic acne — the most severe form of acne — occurs when oil and dead skin cells build up deep within hair follicles. the resulting rupture within your skin may form boil-like inflammation. cystic acne cystic acne — the most severe form of acne — occurs when oil and dead skin cells build up deep within hair follicles. the resulting rupture within your skin may form boil-like inflammation. cystic acne — the most severe form of acne — occurs when oil and dead skin cells build up deep within hair follicles. the resulting rupture within your skin may form boil-like inflammation. acne signs vary depending on the severity of your condition: whiteheads (closed plugged pores) blackheads (open plugged pores) small red
cystic fibrosis can be diagnosed within the first month of life
cystitis signs and symptoms may include: a strong
daily functioning and quality of life. tics are classified as: simple tics. these sudden
daily routines
damage to the protective myelin covering the nerves results in progressive worsening of brain and nervous system functions
damages other teeth or causes other dental problems
dark red or dark purple gums. gums that feel tender when touched. gums that bleed easily. a toothbrush that looks pink after brushing your teeth. spitting out blood when brushing or flossing your teeth. bad breath that won't go away. pus between your teeth and gums. loose teeth or loss of teeth. painful chewing. new spaces that develop between your teeth that look like black triangles. gums that pull away from your teeth
dark urine
darkening or redness of the skin
days
days or weeks later. drug allergy symptoms may include: skin rash hives itching fever swelling shortness of breath wheezing runny nose itchy
days or weeks later. penicillin allergy signs and symptoms may include: skin rash hives itching fever swelling shortness of breath wheezing runny nose itchy
dcis can sometimes cause signs such as: a breast lump bloody nipple discharge dcis is usually found on a mammogram and appears as small clusters of calcifications that have irregular shapes and sizes.
dcis doesn't typically have any signs or symptoms. however
decreased exercise tolerance and dizziness. scleroderma can cause scarring in the lung tissues that may result in increasing shortness of breath over time. there are medications that may help slow the progression of this lung damage. scleroderma can also cause the blood pressure to increase in the circulation that goes between the heart and the lungs. this is called pulmonary hypertension. in addition to shortness of breath
decreased range of motion and decreased grip strength.
decreases in taste and smell. headaches after a concussion most often feel like tension-type headaches. these may be related to a neck injury that happened at the same time as the head injury. or the headaches may feel like migraines.
decreasing blood flow to your heart. this can cause chest pain
deep
deep sadness
deep vein thrombosis (dvt) symptoms can include: leg swelling leg pain
defining features include a major mood episode (depressed or manic mood) and at least a two-week period of psychotic symptoms when a major mood episode is not present. signs and symptoms of schizoaffective disorder depend on the type — bipolar or depressive type — and may include
deformities and fractures. the disease might affect only one or two areas of your body or might be widespread. your signs and symptoms
deformity and swelling. causes childhood fractures most commonly occur with a fall. arm fractures are more common than leg fractures
dehydration
delayed or incomplete puberty after puberty
delusions and difficulty organizing thoughts. as thoughts become more disorganized
delusions and hallucinations irritability
dementia symptoms vary depending on the cause
dengue hemorrhagic fever or dengue shock syndrome. severe dengue happens when your blood vessels become damaged and leaky. and the number of clot-forming cells (platelets) in your bloodstream drops. this can lead to shock
dependent personality disorder and obsessive-compulsive personality disorder. avoidant personality disorder too sensitive to criticism or rejection feeling inadequate
depending on factors such as the type of germ causing the infection
depending on how much of your lung is involved
depending on personality traits and life experiences. some people are naturally reserved and others are more outgoing. in contrast to everyday nervousness
depending on skin color. the affected skin might heal with temporary changes in color (post inflammatory hyperpigmentation)
depending on the cancer's size and location in your large intestine.
depending on the cause of amenorrhea
depending on the cause of the problem. signs and symptoms that sometimes accompany knee pain include: swelling and stiffness redness and warmth to the touch weakness or instability popping or crunching noises inability to fully straighten the knee
depending on the cause. for example
depending on the cause. most cases of hus are caused by infection with certain strains of e. coli bacteria
depending on the color of your skin a feeling of warmth on the affected leg deep vein thrombosis can occur without noticeable symptoms.
depending on the disorder
depending on the drug. the most common hallucinogens are lysergic acid diethylamide (lsd) and phencyclidine (pcp). lsd use may cause: lsd hallucinations greatly reduced perception of reality
depending on the location and severity of the infection. skin infections skin infections caused by staph bacteria include: boils. the most common type of staph infection is the boil. this is a pocket of pus that develops in a hair follicle or oil gland. the skin over the infected area usually becomes red and swollen. if a boil breaks open
depending on the location of the avm
depending on the phase of infection. hiv aids primary infection (acute hiv) some people infected by hiv develop a flu-like illness within 2 to 4 weeks after the virus enters the body. this illness
depending on the severity of inflammation and where it occurs. signs and symptoms may include: diarrhea
depending on the severity of inflammation and where it occurs. symptoms may range from mild to severe. you are likely to have periods of active illness followed by periods of remission. signs and symptoms that are common to both crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis include: diarrhea fatigue abdominal pain and cramping blood in your stool reduced appetite unintended weight loss
depending on the severity of the disease. even in the same person
depending on the severity of the greenstick fracture. mild fractures might be mistaken for sprains or bruises. more-severe greenstick fractures may cause an obvious deformity
depending on the severity of the injury
depending on the situation and mood. certain positions or rituals may trigger hair pulling
depending on the substance. some commonly inhaled substances include glue
depending on the tumor location
depending on the type and severity of the disease. if you have von willebrand disease
depending on the type of drug. below you'll find several examples. marijuana
depending on the type of eating disorder. anorexia nervosa
depending on the type of functional neurological symptoms
depending on the type of muscular dystrophy. duchenne type muscular dystrophy this is the most common form. although girls can be carriers and mildly affected
depending on what body systems are affected and how severe the defects are. some signs and symptoms may be apparent at birth
depending on what's causing it. it can come on suddenly or gradually and affect just your scalp or your whole body. signs and symptoms of hair loss may include: gradual thinning on top of head. this is the most common type of hair loss
depending on when during genital development the problem occurred and the cause of the disorder. babies who are genetically female (with two x chromosomes) may have: an enlarged clitoris
depending on whether this is your first outbreak or a recurrence. the first time you have a cold sore
depending on which gene is affected and the level of enzyme deficiency. the imbalance of hormones the body needs to function may mean too little cortisol
depending on which muscles have been affected. cause difficulty swallowing. you might choke easily
depending on which neurons are affected. it generally begins with muscle weakness that spreads and gets worse over time. signs and symptoms might include: als difficulty walking or doing normal daily activities tripping and falling weakness in your legs
depending on which organs are affected. signs and symptoms of amyloidosis may include: severe fatigue and weakness shortness of breath numbness
depending on which part of your body is affected. in the lungs after you swallow the tiny (microscopic) ascariasis eggs
depending on which parts of the body are affected. skin-related signs and symptoms nearly everyone who has scleroderma experiences a hardening and tightening of the skin. the first parts of the body to be affected are usually the fingers
depending on which portion of the brain's language areas are involved. the condition has three types
depending on your age and the position of your appendix. when you're pregnant
depending on your level of clotting factors. if your clotting-factor level is mildly reduced
depending on your skin color burning or stinging blisters dry
depressed mood
depressed mood can appear as irritability) marked loss of interest or feeling no pleasure in all — or almost all — activities significant weight loss when not dieting
depression
depression appears to occur because of injury to the brain and subsequent changes in brain function. signs and symptoms may include: feelings of irritability
depression often goes undiagnosed and untreated in older adults
depression or anxiety difficulty paying attention
derealization or both. symptoms
desmoplastic small round cell tumor symptoms vary depending on where the cancer begins. most often it begins in the abdomen. signs and symptoms of desmoplastic small round cell tumors in the abdomen include: swelling of the abdomen abdominal pain constipation difficulty urinating
despite evidence to the contrary hallucinations
despite memory loss normal cognition
despite normal eating habits enlargement of the thyroid gland (goiter) change in menstrual cycles erectile dysfunction or reduced libido frequent bowel movements bulging eyes (graves' ophthalmopathy) fatigue thick
detect
develop a condition known as hypoglycemia unawareness. that means they don't have warning symptoms that signal a drop in blood sugar. if you have any symptoms of high or low blood sugar
develop at the same time
develop later or occur on their own. signs and symptoms of ocular rosacea may include: red
developing slowly over time
development
dextroamphetamine-amphetamine (adderall xr
diabetes symptoms depend on how high your blood sugar is. some people
diabetic ketoacidosis symptoms often come on quickly
diagnosis and treatment. whether you're looking for answers for yourself or someone you love
diagnostic tests will likely begin before your child leaves the hospital. at well-baby visits. your family doctor or pediatrician may suspect the disorder because of a combination of illnesses or disorders that become apparent over time. other issues may come to the attention of your doctor during regularly scheduled well-baby visits or annual checkups for your child.
diaphragm
diarrhea
diarrhea and bleeding. brain. inflammation in the brain and nervous system can cause headache
diarrhea and vomiting bleeding from your mouth
diarrhea or irritable bowel syndrome irritability there may be times when your worries don't completely consume you
diarrhea or vomiting abdominal pain muscle and joint pain irritability depression body hair loss or sexual issues in some people acute adrenal failure
diarrhea or vomiting swollen glands enlargement of your liver or spleen signs and symptoms that develop during the acute phase usually go away on their own. in some cases
diarrhoea
diazepam (valium) and zolpidem (ambien) stimulants used to treat attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd) and certain sleep disorders
difficult breathing poor feeding cold hands and feet weak pulse being unusually drowsy or inactive if the natural connections between the heart's left and right sides (foramen ovale and ductus arteriosus) are allowed to close in the first few days of life in babies with hypoplastic left heart syndrome
difficult to control and so time-consuming that they can cause major distress or problems in your social life
difficulty concentrating
difficulty feeding difficulty with balance trouble walking weakness or loss of sensation in an arm or a leg weakness or drooping on one side on the face confusion
difficulty getting a blood pressure or a difference in blood pressure between your arms lightheadedness
difficulty seeing things in your central vision acute angle-closure glaucoma severe headache severe eye pain nausea or vomiting blurred vision halos or colored rings around lights eye redness normal-tension glaucoma no symptoms in early stages gradually
difficulty sensing a full bladder and inability to completely empty the bladder. not being able to completely empty the bladder can lead to urinary tract infections. sexual difficulties
difficulty speaking
difficulty speaking or slurred speech
difficulty swallowing
difficulty swallowing and heartburn. these problems are all due to changes in digestive function. inability to recognize low blood sugar (hypoglycemia)
difficulty urinating and constipation.
difficulty walking
difficulty with ejaculation or small volumes of fluid ejaculated
digestion and bladder function signs and symptoms of peripheral neuropathy might include: gradual onset of numbness
digestive tract
dilated testicular veins or a condition that blocks the passage of sperm may cause signs and symptoms. low sperm count symptoms might include: problems with sexual function — for example
dilated veins around the testicle or a condition that blocks the passage of sperm causes signs and symptoms. signs and symptoms you may notice include: problems with sexual function — for example
dimpled or pitted like the skin of an orange. your breast size and shape may change
diphtheria on the skin also occurs in the united states. it may happen especially among people with poor hygiene who live in crowded conditions.
diphtheria signs and symptoms usually begin 2 to 5 days after a person becomes infected. signs and symptoms may include: a thick
dirt or starch poor appetite
disappear on their own within a few weeks.
discharge or bleeding. you also can get chlamydial eye infections (conjunctivitis) through contact with infected body fluids.
discharge or pain. your only discomfort may be a scratchy feeling on the surface of the eye.
dischromic patches
discolored
discolored discharge from the nose (runny nose) drainage down the back of the throat (postnasal drainage) blocked or stuffy (congested) nose causing difficulty breathing through your nose pain
discolored nasal mucus is associated with a decreased sense of smell causes pain in one cheek or upper teeth headaches due to sinus disease often last days or longer
discolored or warm scrotum testicle pain and tenderness
discoloured areas of skin that are different colours from the rest of my skin
discomfort or tightness
disgusted
disgusted or ashamed by your behavior and the amount of food eaten. but you don't try to compensate for this behavior with excessive exercise or purging
disks narrow and bone spurs form. bone spurs on spine in osteoarthritis of the spine
disks narrow and bone spurs form. bone spurs on spine open pop-up dialog box bone spurs on spine open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close bone spurs on spine bone spurs on spine in osteoarthritis of the spine
disks narrow and bone spurs form. close bone spurs on spine bone spurs on spine in osteoarthritis of the spine
disks narrow and bone spurs form. close close close bone spurs on spine bone spurs on spine in osteoarthritis of the spine
disks narrow and bone spurs form. in osteoarthritis of the spine
disks narrow and bone spurs form. most bone spurs cause no signs or symptoms. you might not realize you have bone spurs until an x-ray for another condition reveals the growths. in some cases
disks narrow and bone spurs form. osteoarthritis of the hip open pop-up dialog box close osteoarthritis of the hip osteoarthritis of the hip the hip joint shown on the left side of the image is normal
disorientation
disorientation or paranoia breathing problems urination problems rapid or irregular heartbeats you can feel (palpitations) high blood pressure seizures cutaneous porphyrias cutaneous porphyrias include forms of the disease that cause skin symptoms as a result of sensitivity to sunlight
disseminated coccidioidomycosis
disseminated histoplasmosis is usually fatal.
distention of abdomen
distorting the shape of the lower face and jaw and shifting teeth out of position.
diuretics or enemas after eating when they're not needed fasting
dizziness
dizziness and flashing lights. focal seizures with impaired awareness. once called complex partial seizures
dizziness or altered consciousness
dizziness or confusion difficulty breathing heart problems the severity of a reaction depends on: the type and size of the jellyfish the age
dizziness or fainting headaches or visual changes memory problems or trouble thinking chest pain or shortness of breath high blood pressure diarrhea or blood in your stool too few red blood cells (anemia)
dizziness or fainting unusual or unexplained fatigue feeling restless or apprehensive chest pain or discomfort is the most common symptom. however
dizziness or lightheadedness cold hands and feet inflammation or soreness of your tongue brittle nails unusual cravings for non-nutritive substances
dizzy
dizzy or fainting around blood or injuries in children
do a physical exam and order routine blood work. depending on that
doesn't change facial expressions
don't feel thirsty until they're already dehydrated. that's why it's important to increase water intake during hot weather or when you're ill. the signs and symptoms of dehydration also may differ by age. infant or young child dry mouth and tongue no tears when crying no wet diapers for three hours sunken eyes
don't get symptoms. abortive polio about 5% of people with the poliovirus get a mild version of the disease called abortive poliomyelitis. this leads to flu-like symptoms that last 2 to 3 days. these include: fever headache muscle aches sore throat stomachache loss of appetite nausea vomiting nonparalytic polio a more severe form of the disease
don't try to make the person vomit because he or she could choke. help a person who is vomiting. try to keep him or her sitting up. if the person must lie down
double vision
dramatic or sexually provocative to gain attention speaks dramatically with strong opinions
drink or saliva the need to take frequent breaths while speaking inability to speak loudly loss of your gag reflex ineffective coughing frequent throat clearing
drink or take pills. in some cases
drooling
drop-shaped
drowsiness and fatigue restlessness and irritability muscle weakness
drowsiness or sedation slurred speech problems with attention and memory pupils that are smaller than usual lack of awareness or inattention to surrounding people and things problems with coordination depression confusion constipation runny nose or nose sores (if snorting drugs) needle marks (if injecting drugs)
drowsiness or slurred speech.
drug addiction symptoms or behaviors include
drug and alcohol misuse
drug rash open pop-up dialog box close drug rash drug rash a drug rash usually starts within two weeks of taking a new medication and begins as discrete red spots that spread
dry
dry and difficult to pass pain while having a bowel movement stomach pain traces of liquid or pasty stool in your child's underwear — a sign that stool is backed up in the rectum blood on the surface of hard stool if your child fears that having a bowel movement will hurt
dry and shiny morphea affects the skin and underlying tissue and sometimes bone. the condition generally lasts several years and then improves or at times disappears by itself. it may leave scars or areas of darkened or discolored skin. it is possible for morphea to recur.
dry and shriveled skin that's slow to bounce back when pinched into a fold
dry cough
dry eyes
dry macular degeneration symptoms usually develop gradually and without pain. they may include: visual distortions
dry mouth
dry mouth may result in lipstick sticking to the teeth.
dry or scaly patch of skin
dry skin is often temporary or seasonal — you might get it only in winter
drying and tingling lips
due to an enlarged spleen easy bruising easy bleeding excessive sweating during sleep (night sweats) fever bone pain
due to the muscles involved in breathing becoming weak. it's also possible to experience life-threatening body temperature changes and blood pressure instability.
duodenal polyps can often be detected and removed before cancer develops. periampullary polyps. these polyps occur where the bile and pancreas ducts enter the duodenum (ampulla). periampullary polyps might become cancerous but can often be detected and removed before cancer develops. gastric fundic polyps. these polyps grow in the lining of your stomach. desmoids. these noncancerous masses can arise anywhere in the body but often develop in the stomach area (abdomen). desmoids can cause serious problems if they grow into nerves or blood vessels or exert pressure on other organs in your body. other cancers. rarely
dupuytren contracture gets worse slowly
duration and type of angina can vary. new or different symptoms may signal a more dangerous form of angina (unstable angina) or a heart attack. any new or worsening angina symptoms need to be evaluated immediately by a health care provider who can determine whether you have stable or unstable angina. angina in women symptoms of angina in women can be different from the classic angina symptoms. these differences may lead to delays in seeking treatment. for example
during a hot flash
during a viral illness
during sleep
during the first few months after a loss
during which their symptoms become worse than the usual day-to-day variation and persist for at least several days.
dying or suicide other common psychiatric disorders include: obsessive-compulsive disorder
dying or violence feeling trapped or hopeless about a situation increasing use of alcohol or drugs changing normal routine
dyslexia symptoms may become more apparent
dystonia affects different people in different ways. muscle spasms might: begin in a single area
each infectious disease has its own specific signs and symptoms. general signs and symptoms common to a number of infectious diseases include: fever diarrhea fatigue muscle aches coughing
each larva coils up and forms a cyst around itself. the larvae can live for months to years inside the muscle tissue. symptoms caused by muscle tissue invasion usually start 2 to 8 weeks after infection and include: high fever and chills muscle pain and tenderness aching joints swelling of the eyelids or face weakness headache sensitivity to light pink eye (conjunctivitis) itchy
each of which contains a set of instructions telling the cell what functions to perform
each of which varies in its signs and symptoms: plaque psoriasis. the most common type of psoriasis
each person with down syndrome is an individual — intellectual and developmental problems may be mild
each with different signs and symptoms. in most cases
ear (tympanic) and forehead (temporal artery) thermometers. oral and rectal thermometers generally provide the most accurate measurement of core body temperature. ear or forehead thermometers
ear infections
ear infections and gastrointestinal infections.
ear pain
ear pain and headaches.
early in chronic kidney disease
early indications of mixed connective tissue disease can include: general feeling of being unwell. this can include increased fatigue and a mild fever. cold and numb fingers or toes (raynaud's phenomenon). in response to cold or stress
early meningitis symptoms may be similar to the flu. symptoms may develop over several hours or over a few days. possible symptoms in anyone older than the age of 2 years include: sudden high fever. stiff neck. severe headache. nausea or vomiting. confusion or trouble concentrating. seizures. sleepiness or trouble waking. sensitivity to light. no appetite or thirst. skin rash in some cases
early signs and symptoms can include: fever fatigue
early signs may not be obvious for years. sometimes
early warning signs and symptoms initial signs and symptoms of diabetic hypoglycemia include: looking pale (pallor) shakiness dizziness or lightheadedness sweating hunger or nausea an irregular or fast heartbeat difficulty concentrating feeling weak and having no energy (fatigue) irritability or anxiety headache tingling or numbness of the lips
early-stage chlamydia trachomatis infections often cause few or no signs and symptoms. even when signs and symptoms occur
ears
ears and hands. people with darker skin are more likely to develop squamous cell carcinoma on areas that aren't often exposed to the sun. squamous cell carcinoma may appear as: a firm
easy bruising
eating a nutritious diet and getting regular exercise — can help prevent heart disease and blood vessel damage. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff popliteal artery aneurysm care at mayo clinic
eating healthier
eating or inhaling a vaporized form of the drug. cannabis often precedes or is used along with other substances
eating or sleeping too much
eccentric or unusual thinking
eccentric thinking or behavior. they include paranoid personality disorder
ecstasy or molly
eds. biology of eccrine and apocrine glands. in: fitzpatrick's dermatology in general medicine. 8th ed. new york
eds. cervical dystonia. in: essentials of physical medicine and rehabilitation: musculoskeletal disorders
eds. current status of paediatric imaging. in: grainger & allison's diagnostic radiology: a textbook of medical imaging. 7th ed. elsevier; 2021. https://www.clinicalkey.com. accessed aug. 31
eds. general principles of orthopedic injuries. in: rosen's emergency medicine: concepts and clinical practice. 8th ed. philadelphia
eds. general principles of orthopedic injuries. in: rosen's emergency medicine: concepts and clinical practice. 9th ed. philadelphia
eds. neurosurgical conditions. in: holcomb and ashcraft's pediatric surgery. 7th ed. elsevier; 2020. https://www.clinicalkey.com. accessed aug. 31
effortless regurgitation
egg allergy reactions vary from person to person and usually occur soon after exposure to egg. egg allergy symptoms can include: skin inflammation or hives — the most common egg allergy reaction nasal congestion
either the retina or the choroid. panuveitis occurs when all layers of the uvea are inflamed
either with no signs or symptoms or with rectal pain
ejecting breast milk or formula up to several feet away. this is known as projectile vomiting. vomiting might be mild at first. but over time
elbow creases and groin. types of heat rash the types of heat rash are classified according to how deep the sweat is trapped in the skin. signs and symptoms for each type vary. the mildest form of heat rash is called miliaria crystallina. it occurs when the opening of the sweat duct on the surface of the skin (sweat pore) is blocked. this form is marked by tiny
elbows
elbows or knees you might also have more-general signs and symptoms
elbows or wrists also might be involved. signs and symptoms can last one to three weeks and go away on their own. blood vessels. inflammation in veins and arteries can cause redness
elevated blood pressure doesn't cause symptoms. the only way to detect it is to have regular blood pressure checks. have your blood pressure measured when you visit your health care provider. you can also check it at home with a home blood pressure monitoring device.
elevators or small stores. open spaces
embarrassment or ridicule dependent personality disorder excessive dependence on others and feeling the need to be taken care of submissive or clingy behavior toward others fear of having to provide self-care or fend for yourself if left alone lack of self-confidence
emotional outcries or even cursing being able to recall the dream if you awaken during the episode
emptiness or feeling down. loss of interest in daily activities. tiredness and lack of energy. low self-esteem
emptiness or hopelessness angry outbursts
empty
enclosed spaces or going to school nature
endocarditis
endometriosis is first diagnosed in those seeking treatment for infertility. other signs and symptoms. you may experience fatigue
energy or agitation exaggerated sense of well-being and self-confidence (euphoria) decreased need for sleep unusual talkativeness racing thoughts distractibility poor decision-making — for example
enlarged lymph nodes and a swollen spleen may last for a few weeks longer. when to see your doctor if you've been experiencing the above symptoms
enlarged or shrunken
enlarged thyroid
enlarged thyroid open pop-up dialog box close enlarged thyroid enlarged thyroid widespread enlargement of the thyroid can expand the gland well beyond its typical size (left) and cause a noticeable bulge in the neck (right). enlarged thyroid open pop-up dialog box enlarged thyroid open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close enlarged thyroid enlarged thyroid widespread enlargement of the thyroid can expand the gland well beyond its typical size (left) and cause a noticeable bulge in the neck (right). close enlarged thyroid enlarged thyroid widespread enlargement of the thyroid can expand the gland well beyond its typical size (left) and cause a noticeable bulge in the neck (right). close enlarged thyroid enlarged thyroid widespread enlargement of the thyroid can expand the gland well beyond its typical size (left) and cause a noticeable bulge in the neck (right). close close close enlarged thyroid enlarged thyroid widespread enlargement of the thyroid can expand the gland well beyond its typical size (left) and cause a noticeable bulge in the neck (right). enlarged thyroid widespread enlargement of the thyroid can expand the gland well beyond its typical size (left) and cause a noticeable bulge in the neck (right). widespread enlargement of the thyroid can expand the gland well beyond its typical size (left) and cause a noticeable bulge in the neck (right). common signs and symptoms of graves' disease include: anxiety and irritability a fine tremor of the hands or fingers heat sensitivity and an increase in perspiration or warm
epidermolysis bullosa symptoms include: fragile skin that blisters easily
epididymitis open pop-up dialog box close epididymitis epididymitis epididymitis is an inflammation of the coiled tube
episodes of mania may be linked to a specific season. for example
epstein-barr
erectile dysfunction symptoms might include persistent: trouble getting an erection trouble keeping an erection reduced sexual desire
erythrodermic psoriasis can cover the entire body with a peeling
erythrodermic psoriasis can cover the entire body with a peeling rash that can itch or burn intensely. it can be short-lived (acute) or long-term (chronic).
esophageal varices usually don't cause symptoms unless they bleed. symptoms of bleeding esophageal varices include: vomiting large amounts of blood. black
esophagus
especially a craving for foods high in carbohydrates weight gain tiredness or low energy spring and summer sad symptoms specific to summer-onset seasonal affective disorder
especially after a meal rich in table sugar (sucrose) or fruit sugar (fructose). they include: feeling bloated or too full after eating nausea vomiting abdominal cramps diarrhea flushing dizziness
especially after a warm bath or shower numbness
especially after eating spicy or fatty foods. i also have chest pain when i lean forward or lie down.
especially after eating spicy or fatty foods. my chest pain is worse when i hunch over or lie down.
especially after eating. i also sometimes get a bitter or sour aftertaste that makes me feel sick.
especially after i eat spicy or fatty foods. when i lie down or bend over
especially after i eat. i also sometimes get a sour or bitter taste in my mouth
especially after i eat. i also sometimes get a sour or bitter taste in my mouth that makes me feel nauseous.
especially against background noise or in a crowd trouble hearing consonants frequently asking others to speak more slowly
especially around my nose
especially around the eyes
especially around the waist
especially as the disease progresses. symptoms of juvenile huntington's disease the start and progression of huntington's disease in younger people may be slightly different from that in adults. problems that often present early in the course of the disease include: behavioral changes difficulty paying attention rapid
especially as tumors grow. the tumors may affect your spinal cord or the nerve roots
especially at birth slightly smaller than average height at birth slowed growth cardiac defects low hairline at the back of the head receding or small lower jaw short fingers and toes in childhood
especially at night.
especially at night. it's been really bad. i've also had a headache
especially at night. my urine is cloudy and has a strong odor. i also have a fever.
especially at night. the precise location of wrist pain also provides clues to what's behind the symptoms.
especially below your knees muscle aches a swollen
especially during activity. chest pain. fainting. babies with pulmonary valve stenosis may have blue or gray skin due to low oxygen levels.
especially during diaper changes
especially during exercise
especially during exercise fainting
especially during exercise or when lying flat fatigue
especially during feedings slow growth and poor weight gain some people with tricuspid atresia also develop symptoms of heart failure. heart failure symptoms include: fatigue and weakness shortness of breath swelling in the legs
especially during intercourse or while urinating redness and swelling of the vulva vaginal pain and soreness vaginal rash thick
especially during menstrual periods. the severity of your pain may not be a reliable indicator of the extent of your condition. you could have mild endometriosis with severe pain
especially during movement. when to see your doctor make an appointment with your doctor if you notice any troubling signs or symptoms
especially during or just after exercise or exertion heart murmur
especially during physical activities wheezing chest tightness a chronic cough that may produce mucus (sputum) that may be clear
especially during the early stages of the condition. left ventricular hypertrophy itself doesn't cause symptoms. but symptoms may occur as the strain on the heart worsens. they may include: shortness of breath
especially during the last trimester. they often fade but don't usually disappear. close close close stretch marks in pregnancy stretch marks in pregnancy stretch marks are common in pregnancy
especially during the last trimester. they often fade but don't usually disappear. close stretch marks in pregnancy stretch marks in pregnancy stretch marks are common in pregnancy
especially during the last trimester. they often fade but don't usually disappear. stretch marks are common in pregnancy
especially during the last trimester. they often fade but don't usually disappear. stretch marks in pregnancy open pop-up dialog box stretch marks in pregnancy open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close stretch marks in pregnancy stretch marks in pregnancy stretch marks are common in pregnancy
especially during the last trimester. they often fade but don't usually disappear. stretch marks in pregnancy stretch marks are common in pregnancy
especially during the last trimester. they often fade but don't usually disappear. widespread stretch marks open pop-up dialog box close widespread stretch marks widespread stretch marks stretch marks can cover large areas of the body
especially early on. over time
especially falling backward slow or slurred speech problems with swallowing
especially from a traumatic time. dissociative amnesia can be specific to events in a certain time
especially if a family member has wilson's disease.
especially if it's getting worse or it's interfering with your daily activities. don't ignore it by telling yourself it's because you're aging or out of shape. seek immediate medical attention if: you're so short of breath
especially if the reaction becomes more severe each time. severe allergic reaction a severe allergic reaction (anaphylaxis) to bee stings is potentially life-threatening and requires emergency treatment. a small percentage of people who are stung by a bee or other insect quickly develop anaphylaxis. signs and symptoms of anaphylaxis include: skin reactions
especially if the stressor is ongoing
especially if the tear is small. you might develop the following signs and symptoms in your knee: a popping sensation swelling or stiffness pain
especially if there is no history of seizures. hearing problems. dizziness or a sense that the world is spinning
especially if they have prediabetes
especially if you can't walk properly afterward.
especially if you cough or strain a burning or aching sensation at the bulge pain or discomfort in your groin
especially if you have numbness
especially if you're coughing up pus. it's especially important that people in these high-risk groups see a doctor: adults older than age 65 children younger than age 2 with signs and symptoms people with an underlying health condition or weakened immune system people receiving chemotherapy or taking medication that suppresses the immune system for some older adults and people with heart failure or chronic lung problems
especially in children. signs and symptoms generally appear between two and three weeks after exposure to the virus. they usually last about 1 to 5 days and may include: mild fever of 102 f (38.9 c) or lower headache stuffy or runny nose red
especially in infants and children with iron deficiency anemia
especially in my knees and ankles.
especially in my neck and shoulders. it's hard to move around and i'm always feeling stiff. i've also been having trouble sleeping because of the pain.
especially in my skin's crevices. my cuts and bruises also take a while to heal.
especially in older men
especially in older people cold
especially in people age 50 and older. visual signs and symptoms most people who have migraine with aura develop temporary visual signs and symptoms
especially in the area of my stomach and intestines. i'm worried about my health.
especially in the crevices of my skin. my skin bruises and cuts also take a long time to heal.
especially in the knees or ankles meningitis — an infection of the membranes and fluid surrounding the brain and spinal cord
especially in the last few weeks before birth. signs and symptoms of placental abruption include: vaginal bleeding
especially in the morning
especially in the morning. i have a chronic nagging pain in my throat and bad breath. i also have frequent belching. i have a burning sensation in my chest when i lay down.
especially in young women
especially in younger children body aches it's possible for you or your child to have many of these signs and symptoms but not have strep throat. the cause of these signs and symptoms could be a viral infection or some other illness. that's why your doctor generally tests specifically for strep throat. it's also possible for you to be exposed to a person who carries strep but shows no symptoms.
especially in your arms or legs difficulty walking
especially in your arms or legs muscle weakness
especially more-frequent bowel movements. enlarged thyroid gland
especially my knees and ankles. they're really stiff and it's hard for me to move around. i've also been feeling really weak and tired.
especially my knees and hands. i've also been feeling really stiff and my joints have been swollen. i've been having trouble walking and doing other activities that i normally do.
especially my knees and hips. i also have a lot of stiffness in my neck and shoulders. i have been having trouble walking and doing other activities that i used to be able to do without any pain.
especially my knees and hips. i've also been feeling really stiff and it's hard to move around.
especially my knees and hips. it's hard for me to move around and i'm always feeling stiff. i've also been having a lot of trouble sleeping because of the pain.
especially my lips and the area around my eyes. i can't stop sneezing once i start.
especially on my arms and legs.
especially on my back and arms. it's made up of small scales that peel off easily when i rub them. i also have rashes all over my body.
especially on my lower back and scalp. it is made up of small scales that flake off easily when i scratch them.
especially on the arms or legs and possibly the forehead or scalp a gradual change in the affected skin
especially on the back of the neck. close close close deep
especially on the back of the neck. close deep
especially on the back of the neck. deep
especially on the back of the neck. with repeated sun exposure
especially on the back of the neck. wrinkles are the lines and creases that form in your skin. some wrinkles can become deep crevices or furrows and may be especially noticeable around your eyes
especially on the lower legs. genitals. red
especially on the palms and feet nails that are thick or unformed blisters inside the mouth and throat scalp blistering and hair loss (scarring alopecia) skin that looks thin tiny pimple-like bumps (milia) dental problems
especially on the soles of the feet. generally
especially on the upper right side beneath your lower ribs
especially right after taking off shoes and socks inflamed skin that might appear reddish
especially severe ones
especially the thumb and index finger. clubbing of the fingers
especially those near the temples. close close close giant cell arteritis giant cell arteritis giant cell arteritis causes inflammation of certain arteries
especially those near the temples. close giant cell arteritis giant cell arteritis giant cell arteritis causes inflammation of certain arteries
especially those near the temples. giant cell arteritis causes inflammation of certain arteries
especially those near the temples. giant cell arteritis giant cell arteritis causes inflammation of certain arteries
especially those near the temples. giant cell arteritis open pop-up dialog box giant cell arteritis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close giant cell arteritis giant cell arteritis giant cell arteritis causes inflammation of certain arteries
especially those near the temples. the most common symptoms of giant cell arteritis are head pain and tenderness — often severe — that usually affects both temples. head pain can progressively worsen
especially those who've had diabetes for a long time
especially when bending over
especially when compared with the other side leg numbness or weakness no pulse or a weak pulse in the legs or feet painful cramping in one or both of the hips
especially when denied food
especially when exercising fatigue swelling of legs
especially when exercising whooshing sound when listening to the heart with a stethoscope (heart murmur)
especially when i exercise. i'm sweating and flushed a lot
especially when i exercise. the veins in my legs are also very prominent and painful. i feel fatigued all the time.
especially when i stand or walk for a long time. the skin on my calves is also swollen and red.
especially when i'm outside. i start to feel hot and sweaty. i also get urinary tract infections and yeast infections a lot.
especially when i'm outside. i'm suddenly flushed and perspiring. i get yeast infections and urinary tract infections a lot.
especially when it drops suddenly or occurs with symptoms. a sudden fall in blood pressure can be dangerous. a change of just 20 mm hg — a drop from 110 mm hg systolic to 90 mm hg systolic
especially when lying down sensation of a rapid
especially when lying down tugging or pulling at an ear trouble sleeping crying more than usual fussiness trouble hearing or responding to sounds loss of balance fever of 100 f (38 c) or higher drainage of fluid from the ear headache loss of appetite adults common signs and symptoms in adults include: ear pain drainage of fluid from the ear trouble hearing
especially when moving the hurt limb or joint tenderness mild swelling
especially when sitting or passing stool fever
especially when sitting or standing clubbing of the fingers
especially when there's no history of seizures abnormal eye movement slurred speech trouble swallowing loss of appetite; or in babies
especially when twisting or rotating your knee difficulty straightening your knee fully feeling as though your knee is locked in place when you try to move it feeling of your knee giving way
especially when you bear weight on the affected foot tenderness when you touch the ankle swelling bruising restricted range of motion instability in the ankle popping sensation or sound at the time of injury
especially when you brush your teeth. close close close gingivitis gingivitis gingivitis can cause dusky red
especially when you brush your teeth. close gingivitis gingivitis gingivitis can cause dusky red
especially when you brush your teeth. gingivitis can cause dusky red
especially when you brush your teeth. gingivitis gingivitis can cause dusky red
especially when you brush your teeth. gingivitis open pop-up dialog box gingivitis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close gingivitis gingivitis gingivitis can cause dusky red
especially when you brush your teeth. healthy gums are firm and pale pink and fitted tightly around the teeth. signs and symptoms of gingivitis include: swollen or puffy gums dusky red or dark red gums gums that bleed easily when you brush or floss bad breath receding gums tender gums when to see a dentist if you notice any signs and symptoms of gingivitis
especially when you increase your activity level heart murmur irregular pulse (arrhythmia) lightheadedness or fainting chest pain (angina)
especially while lying down swelling of the legs chest pain
especially with exertion fatigue heart palpitations or abnormal heart rhythms (arrhythmias) a bluish discoloration of the lips and skin caused by low oxygen (cyanosis)
especially your head and neck. less often
esthesioneuroblastoma symptoms include: losing the sense of smell frequent nosebleeds difficulty breathing through the nose as it grows
et al.
et al. are we prepared for clinical trials in charcot-marie-tooth disease? brain research. 2020; doi:10.1016/j.brainres.2019.146625. 2019.146625 2019.146625 pareyson d
et al. are we prepared for clinical trials in charcot-marie-tooth disease? brain research. 2020; doi:10.1016/j.brainres.2019.146625. pareyson d
et al. behavioural interventions for people living with adult-onset primary dystonia: a systematic review. bmc neurology. 2016;16:1. https://bmcneurol.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12883-016-0562-y. accessed feb. 2
et al. body malodours and their topical treatment agents. international journal of cosmetic science. 2011;33:298. shirasu m
et al. common fractures. in: nelson textbook of pediatrics. 20th ed. philadelphia
et al. cutaneous disorders of the newborn. in: paller and mancini — hurwitz clinical pediatric dermatology: a textbook of skin disorders of childhood and adolescence. 6th ed. elsevier; 2022. https://www.clinicalkey.com. accessed aug. 30
et al. general principles of fracture management: fracture patterns and description in children. http://www.uptodate.com/home. march 21
et al. new developments in charcot-marie-tooth neuropathy and related diseases. current opinion in neurology. 2017; doi:10.1097/wco. 0000000000000474. important foot care for people with cmt. charcot-marie-tooth association. https://www.cmtausa.org/living-with-cmt/managing-cmt/important-foot-care-for-people-with-cmt/. accessed dec. 31
et al. primary focal hyperhidrosis. http://www.uptodate.com/home. accessed july 6
et al. sensory disorders. in: clinical neurology. 10th ed. mcgraw-hill; 2018. https://accessmedicine.mhmedical.com. accessed dec. 31
et al. strain. in: instructions for sports medicine patients. 2nd ed. philadelphia
et al. the scent of disease: volatile organic compounds of the human body related to disease and disorder. journal of biochemistry. 2011;150:257. hyperhidrosis. american osteopathic college of dermatology. http://aocd.site-ym.com/?page=hyperhidrosis. accessed july 6
et al. yips and other movement disorders in golfers. movement disorders. 2013;28:576. berstein cj
ethics or values tight
even a small amount shortness of breath chest pain hoarseness losing weight without trying bone pain headache
even after a good night's sleep. i have also been experiencing some joint pain and stiffness
even after eating just a little. i also have heartburn
even after symptoms begin to affect the limbs on both sides. parkinson's signs and symptoms may include: tremor. a tremor
even after treatment. long-term signs and symptoms may include: fatigue recurrent fevers inflammation of the inner lining of the heart chambers (endocarditis) joint inflammation (arthritis) arthritis of the spinal bones (spondylitis) arthritis of joints where the spine and pelvis connect (sacroiliitis)
even among family members. causes charcot-marie-tooth disease is an inherited
even among members of the same family
even death.
even during masturbation. premature ejaculation can be classified as: lifelong. lifelong premature ejaculation occurs all or nearly all the time beginning with the first sexual encounter. acquired. acquired premature ejaculation develops after having previous sexual experiences without problems with ejaculation. many people feel that they have symptoms of premature ejaculation
even fainting salt craving low blood sugar
even for several years.
even going to extreme measures to avoid real or imagined separation or rejection a pattern of unstable intense relationships
even identical twins
even if blood pressure has reached dangerously high levels. for people diagnosed with high blood pressure
even if blood pressure readings reach dangerously high levels. you can have high blood pressure for years without any symptoms. a few people with high blood pressure may have: headaches shortness of breath nosebleeds however
even if it's not painful or tender
even if they can't explain why.
even if they see clearly in daylight. this condition is called night myopia.
even if your sex drive is weaker than it once was
even in resource-poor countries. thanks to these life-saving treatments
even on areas not exposed to sunlight.
even over small matters loss of interest or pleasure in most or all normal activities
even several times a night. episodes are generally brief
even though it's warm outside. my back hurts and i have red spots on my arms.
even though no external sound is present. however
even though they report sleeping for long periods of time. sleep is often disrupted by pain
even though you can't afford it not meeting obligations and work responsibilities
even though you know it's causing problems in your life or causing you physical or psychological harm doing things to get the drug that you normally wouldn't do
even when i haven't eaten anything acidic. i also frequently have a lump in my throat and the hiccups.
even when i haven't eaten anything acidic. i also get hiccups and a feeling of a lump in my throat.
even when i haven't eaten anything acidic. i also get the hiccups a lot and feel like i have a lump in my throat.
even when i haven't eaten anything acidic. i also get the hiccups a lot and have a knot in my throat.
even when i haven't eaten anything acidic. i also have a lump in my throat and the hiccups a lot.
even when other options are available urgent need to start a new relationship when a close one has ended obsessive-compulsive personality disorder preoccupation with details
even when spoken to directly have difficulty following through on instructions and fail to finish schoolwork or chores have trouble organizing tasks and activities avoid or dislike tasks that require focused mental effort
even when their ability to write and comprehend are not significantly impaired. as the disease progresses
even when there is no evidence thinking that physical sensations are threatening or harmful feeling that medical evaluation and treatment have not been adequate fearing that physical activity may cause damage to your body repeatedly checking your body for abnormalities frequent health care visits that don't relieve your concerns or that make them worse being unresponsive to medical treatment or unusually sensitive to medication side effects having a more severe impairment than is usually expected from a medical condition for somatic symptom disorder
even when they aren't difficulty handling uncertainty indecisiveness and fear of making the wrong decision inability to set aside or let go of a worry inability to relax
even when they can speak in other situations
even when underweight
even when you're not hungry
even with treatment. initial signs and symptoms include: flu-like symptoms for a few hours or days
even within the same type. type 1 is by far the most common. siblings
even without receiving any visible benefit or reward or when faced with objective evidence that doesn't support their claims. factitious disorder signs and symptoms may include: clever and convincing medical or psychological problems extensive knowledge of medical terms and diseases vague or inconsistent symptoms conditions that get worse for no apparent reason conditions that don't respond as expected to standard therapies seeking treatment from many different doctors or hospitals
events
eventually
eventually causing part of the rectum to protrude outside the anus (rectal prolapse)
eventually may lead normal or near-normal lives. others
every nerve in your peripheral system has a specific function
everyday experiences may be hard to endure when you have social anxiety disorder
excess androgens or a combination of these imbalances. cah classic cah signs and symptoms of classic cah may include: cah insufficient cortisol. classic cah causes the body to produce an insufficient amount of cortisol. this can cause problems maintaining normal blood pressure
excessive admiration. feel that they deserve privileges and special treatment. expect to be recognized as superior even without achievements. make achievements and talents seem bigger than they are. be preoccupied with fantasies about success
excessive amniotic fluid accumulates in the uterus during pregnancy. mild cases of polyhydramnios may go away on their own. severe cases may require treatment. close close close polyhydramnios polyhydramnios in polyhydramnios
excessive amniotic fluid accumulates in the uterus during pregnancy. mild cases of polyhydramnios may go away on their own. severe cases may require treatment. close polyhydramnios polyhydramnios in polyhydramnios
excessive amniotic fluid accumulates in the uterus during pregnancy. mild cases of polyhydramnios may go away on their own. severe cases may require treatment. fetal macrosomia can be difficult to detect and diagnose during pregnancy. signs and symptoms include: large fundal height. during prenatal visits
excessive amniotic fluid accumulates in the uterus during pregnancy. mild cases of polyhydramnios may go away on their own. severe cases may require treatment. in polyhydramnios
excessive amniotic fluid accumulates in the uterus during pregnancy. mild cases of polyhydramnios may go away on their own. severe cases may require treatment. polyhydramnios in polyhydramnios
excessive amniotic fluid accumulates in the uterus during pregnancy. mild cases of polyhydramnios may go away on their own. severe cases may require treatment. polyhydramnios open pop-up dialog box polyhydramnios open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close polyhydramnios polyhydramnios in polyhydramnios
excessive belching
excessive body hair and a deepening voice in both females and males
excessive body hair and a deepening voice. altered growth. rapid growth may occur during childhood with an advanced bone age. final height may be shorter than average. fertility issues. these can include irregular menstrual periods
excessive fear that interferes with daily functioning at home or school
excessive hunger
excessive sweating
excessive worry about losing a parent or other loved one to an illness or a disaster constant worry that something bad will happen
excitable personality sucking or feeding difficulty trouble going to sleep and staying asleep people who have angelman syndrome may also show the following features: seizures
exercise and sexual activity. interstitial cystitis signs and symptoms include: pain in your pelvis or between the vagina and anus in women pain between the scrotum and anus (perineum) in men chronic pelvic pain a persistent
exercising
exercising and managing your stress can make a world of difference. better heart health starts by educating yourself. so don't be afraid to seek out information and ask your doctors about coronary artery disease. if you'd like to learn even more about this condition
exercising or changing body position bloating diarrhea fear of eating food due to pain
exercising regularly
expanding rings a round
experience relationship problems or are struggling financially are most at risk of postpartum depression. postpartum depression in fathers — sometimes called paternal postpartum depression — can have the same negative effect on partner relationships and child development as postpartum depression in mothers can. if you're a partner of a new mother and are having symptoms of depression or anxiety during your partner's pregnancy or after your child's birth
explosive eruptions occur suddenly
exposing deeper layers of your tooth increased tooth pain or sensitivity tired or tight jaw muscles
exposure to certain molds can cause a severe asthma attack. signs and symptoms of asthma include: coughing wheezing shortness of breath chest tightness
extra blood flows into the lungs. symptoms depend on whether the defect is partial or complete. complete defect the condition affects all of the heart's chambers. symptoms of a complete atrioventricular canal defect usually develop in the first weeks of life. symptoms are generally similar to those of heart failure. they may include: blue or gray skin color due to low oxygen levels difficulty breathing or rapid breathing excessive sweating fatigue irregular or rapid heartbeat lack of appetite poor weight gain swelling in the legs
extra marital contacts
extreme thirst
extreme tiredness nausea dizziness
eye
eye with uvea open pop-up dialog box close eye with uvea eye with uvea the uvea consists of structures of the eye beneath the white of the eye (sclera). it has three parts: (1) the iris
eyebrows
eyebrows or beard loss of color in the tissues that line the inside of the mouth and nose (mucous membranes) vitiligo can start at any age
eyebrows or eyelashes
eyelashes
eyelids
eyes
eyes and digestive tract. they also may have a tumor on the adrenal gland
eyes and joints inflammation of the liver or bile ducts kidney stones iron deficiency (anemia) delayed growth or sexual development
eyes and skin to be pale.
eyes and vagina
eyes or ears nervous system malfunctions coma delirium kidney failure respiratory failure liver failure
eyes or roof of the mouth runny
eyes or throat. that symptom is linked with allergies such as hay fever.
eyestrain symptoms include: sore
face
face and arms. myoclonic seizures. myoclonic seizures usually appear as sudden brief jerks or twitches and usually affect the upper body
face and trunk and may be worse in areas of pressure
face or throat hives anaphylaxis an insect sting allergy can cause: an insect sting allergy a large area of swelling (edema) at the sting site itching or hives all over the body cough
facial hair and deepening voice in boys pubic or underarm hair rapid growth acne adult body odor
facial paralysis
facial paralysis open pop-up dialog box close facial paralysis facial paralysis facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop. if you're experiencing facial weakness or paralysis
facial paralysis open pop-up dialog box close facial paralysis facial paralysis the nerve that controls your facial muscles passes through a narrow corridor of bone on its way to your face. facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop
facial pressure and a clear
factitious disorder symptoms involve mimicking or producing illness or injury or exaggerating symptoms or impairment to deceive others. people with the disorder go to great lengths to hide their deception
failure to gain weight as expected can be a sign of depression) either insomnia or sleeping too much either restlessness or slowed behavior fatigue or loss of energy feelings of worthlessness or excessive or inappropriate guilt decreased ability to think or concentrate
failure to gain weight or gastrointestinal problems breathing problems poor muscle tone delayed development
failure to grow most people with ulcerative colitis have mild to moderate symptoms. the course of ulcerative colitis may vary
failure to thrive and congestive heart failure.
fainting
fainting and shock.
falling asleep during the day and being awake at night
falling or diarrhea. in addition: your fear or anxiety is out of proportion to the actual danger of the situation. you avoid the situation
fallopian tubes
fallopian tubes and ovaries usually develop typically. male infants usually have typical-appearing genitals. excess androgen. an excess of the male sex hormone androgen can result in short height and early puberty for both males and females. pubic hair and other signs of puberty may appear at a very early age. severe acne also may occur. excess androgen hormones in females may result in facial hair
falls
falls seizures speech or language issues facial pain dementia parkinsonism coordination issues burning or prickling sensations weakness apathy failure to thrive symptoms related to increased pressure such as headaches
familial adenomatous polyposis (fap) and peutz-jeghers syndrome. other bowel diseases. other diseases and conditions that affect the intestines may increase the risk of small bowel cancer
familial adenomatous polyposis can cause other complications: duodenal polyps. these polyps grow in the upper part of your small intestine and may become cancerous. but with careful monitoring
family history
family history. if a close relative was diagnosed at an early age with heart disease
fap can cause cancer to develop in your thyroid gland
farsightedness may mean: nearby objects may appear blurry you need to squint to see clearly you have eyestrain
fast heart rate
fast heartbeat or shortness of breath headache
fast pulse drop in blood pressure seizure loss of consciousness other conditions resulting from drug allergy less-common drug allergy reactions happen days or weeks after exposure to a drug and may persist for some time after you stop taking the drug. these conditions include: serum sickness
fatigue
fatigue and blurred vision. more-specific symptoms of polycythemia vera include: itchiness
fatigue and muscle aches mild chest discomfort shortness of breath nausea coughing up blood painful swallowing high fever trouble breathing shock — an acute medical condition involving collapse of the circulatory system meningitis injection anthrax this recently identified route of anthrax infection has so far been reported only in europe. it's contracted through injecting illegal drugs. initial signs and symptoms include: redness at the area of injection (without an area that changes to black) significant swelling shock multiple organ failure meningitis
fatigue or a change of season.
fatigue or a general feeling of being unwell rash or skin sores pain
fatigue or anxiety. become more noticeable over time. areas of the body that can be affected include: neck (cervical dystonia). contractions cause your head to twist and turn to one side
fatigue or frustration. positive feelings. people with trichotillomania often find that pulling out hair feels satisfying and provides a measure of relief. as a result
fatigue or low energy problems functioning at work or school or in social situations behavior problems related to bedtime or fear of the dark having a child with nightmare disorder can cause significant sleep disturbance and distress for parents or caregivers. when to see a doctor occasional nightmares aren't usually a cause for concern. if your child has nightmares
fatigue or shortness of breath
fear
fear and avoidance of social situations due to feelings of embarrassment
fearful thinking or behavior. they include avoidant personality disorder
fearing disapproval tolerance of poor or abusive treatment
feel
feeling chills
feeling misunderstood and extremely sensitive
feeling negative and worthless
feeling really tired
feeling restless
feeling twitchy nervousness or being easily startled sweating nausea
feelings
feelings and behaviors can include: constant worry about potential illness viewing normal physical sensations as a sign of severe physical illness fearing that symptoms are serious
feelings of shyness or discomfort in certain situations aren't necessarily signs of social anxiety disorder
feelings or behaviors related to those symptoms
feet
feet and face. in some people
feet and sometimes around the heart. when scleroderma affects the heart
feet or ankles
feet or ankles hand weakness or clumsiness slurred speech or trouble swallowing muscle cramps and twitching in your arms
feet or arms and may worsen over time — even with treatment. spinal tumors progress at different rates depending on the type of tumor.
feet or belly (abdomen) irregular heartbeats (arrhythmias) sensation of a rapid
feet or entire body confusion
feet or legs people with copd are also likely to experience episodes called exacerbations
feet or legs that won't heal pain when using the arms
feet or limbs
feet or other parts of the body.
felt tip marker fluid
female genital warts open pop-up dialog box close female genital warts female genital warts genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
female reproductive system open pop-up dialog box close female reproductive system female reproductive system the ovaries
fentanyl and oxycodone. sometimes called the "opioid epidemic
fever
fever and loss of appetite early rheumatoid arthritis tends to affect your smaller joints first — particularly the joints that attach your fingers to your hands and your toes to your feet. as the disease progresses
fever chronic epididymitis epididymitis that lasts longer than six weeks or that happens over and over again is considered chronic. symptoms of chronic epididymitis might come on slowly. sometimes the cause of chronic epididymitis isn't able to be found.
fever or sore throat sometimes
fever or sore throat. a few days to a few weeks after the herald patch appears
fiber and antioxidants
final section of the large intestine (rectum) and opening at the end of the rectum (anus) can occur. children with bladder exstrophy also have vesicoureteral reflux. this condition causes urine to flow the wrong way — from the bladder back up into the tubes that connect to the kidneys (ureters). children with bladder exstrophy also have epispadias. cloacal exstrophy. cloacal exstrophy (kloe-a-kul ek-stroh-fee) is the most serious form of beec. in this condition
finger length in marfan syndrome open pop-up dialog box close finger length in marfan syndrome finger length in marfan syndrome people who have marfan syndrome typically have especially long fingers. it's common for their thumbs to extend far beyond the edge of their hands when they make a fist. finger length in marfan syndrome open pop-up dialog box finger length in marfan syndrome open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close finger length in marfan syndrome finger length in marfan syndrome people who have marfan syndrome typically have especially long fingers. it's common for their thumbs to extend far beyond the edge of their hands when they make a fist. close finger length in marfan syndrome finger length in marfan syndrome people who have marfan syndrome typically have especially long fingers. it's common for their thumbs to extend far beyond the edge of their hands when they make a fist. close finger length in marfan syndrome finger length in marfan syndrome people who have marfan syndrome typically have especially long fingers. it's common for their thumbs to extend far beyond the edge of their hands when they make a fist. close close close finger length in marfan syndrome finger length in marfan syndrome people who have marfan syndrome typically have especially long fingers. it's common for their thumbs to extend far beyond the edge of their hands when they make a fist. finger length in marfan syndrome people who have marfan syndrome typically have especially long fingers. it's common for their thumbs to extend far beyond the edge of their hands when they make a fist. people who have marfan syndrome typically have especially long fingers. it's common for their thumbs to extend far beyond the edge of their hands when they make a fist. longer arms in marfan syndrome open pop-up dialog box close longer arms in marfan syndrome longer arms in marfan syndrome marfan syndrome is a genetic disorder that causes people to have unusually long arms
fingers or toes weight loss blood in your urine skin sores
fingertips
fingertips or toes
finish a task or follow instructions. you start to have trouble finding your way around places you know well. you begin to have poor judgment. your family and friends notice any of these changes. if you have mci
firm testicles small penis enlarged breast tissue (gynecomastia) weak bones low energy levels tendency to be shy and sensitive difficulty expressing thoughts and feelings or socializing problems with reading
fitness or work activity
fixating on past failures or self-blame trouble thinking
fixed beliefs
flaky patches of skin that are prone to infection. my joints are in a lot of pain. the skin on my knees and elbows is starting to flake.
flaky skin. sometimes my eyes get puffy
flat
flat blotches that often flow into one another the infection occurs in stages over 2 to 3 weeks. infection and incubation. for the first 10 to 14 days after infection
flat bumps
flat or raised. they may have hair growing from them. shape. most moles are oval or round. size. moles are usually less than 1/4 inch (about 6 millimeters) in diameter — the size of a pencil eraser. those present at birth (congenital nevi) can be bigger than usual
flat patch of itchy skin overlapping rings
flat-topped bumps that are often itchy. genitals. lesions on the female genitalia often cause pain or burning and discomfort with intercourse. the lesions are usually red and eroded and occasionally appear as white areas. lesions can also occur on male genitalia. ears. lichen planus of the ears can lead to hearing loss. scalp. when skin lesions appear on the scalp
flesh-colored
flesh-colored or bluish-red nodule growing on your skin. close close close merkel cell carcinoma merkel cell carcinoma merkel cell carcinoma is a rare
flesh-colored or bluish-red nodule growing on your skin. close merkel cell carcinoma merkel cell carcinoma merkel cell carcinoma is a rare
flesh-colored or bluish-red nodule growing on your skin. merkel cell carcinoma is a rare
flesh-colored or bluish-red nodule growing on your skin. merkel cell carcinoma merkel cell carcinoma is a rare
flesh-colored or bluish-red nodule growing on your skin. merkel cell carcinoma open pop-up dialog box merkel cell carcinoma open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close merkel cell carcinoma merkel cell carcinoma merkel cell carcinoma is a rare
flesh-colored or bluish-red nodule growing on your skin. skin cancer develops primarily on areas of sun-exposed skin
flesh-colored or brown scar-like lesion a bleeding or scabbing sore that heals and returns squamous cell carcinoma signs and symptoms most often
fleshy
flex your feet or walk — especially barefoot on a hard surface — and improves when you rest sharp or shooting pain
floating spots in your field of vision (floaters). decreased vision. symptoms may occur suddenly and get worse quickly
flu-like symptoms including fever and headache gastrointestinal anthrax a gastrointestinal anthrax infection results from eating undercooked meat from an infected animal. it can affect your gastrointestinal tract from your throat to your colon. signs and symptoms include: nausea vomiting abdominal pain headache loss of appetite fever severe
fluid and debris decreased or muffled hearing advanced progression severe pain that might radiate to your face
fluid build-up in the lungs
fluid overload
fluid-filled blisters. close close close shingles shingles shingles is characterized by pain or a tingling sensation in a limited area on one side of the face or torso
fluid-filled blisters. close shingles shingles shingles is characterized by pain or a tingling sensation in a limited area on one side of the face or torso
fluid-filled blisters. shingles is characterized by pain or a tingling sensation in a limited area on one side of the face or torso
fluid-filled blisters. shingles open pop-up dialog box shingles open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close shingles shingles shingles is characterized by pain or a tingling sensation in a limited area on one side of the face or torso
fluid-filled blisters. shingles shingles is characterized by pain or a tingling sensation in a limited area on one side of the face or torso
fluid-filled blisters. shingles symptoms usually affect only a small section on one side of your body. these symptoms may include: pain
fluid-filled bumps that break easily. a type that occurs deeper in the skin is called miliaria rubra. it is sometimes called prickly heat. signs and symptoms include small
flushed face and dilated pupils kick and thrash be hard to awaken
fluttering heartbeat (palpitations) swollen ankles and feet
fluttering heartbeats (palpitations) chest pain or discomfort confusion dizziness or lightheadedness fainting or near fainting fatigue shortness of breath slower pulse (bradycardia)
fluttering or pounding heart (heart palpitations). these panic attacks may lead to worrying about them happening again or avoiding situations in which they've occurred. selective mutism is a consistent failure of children to speak in certain situations
fluttering or pounding heart called palpitations. but sudden cardiac arrest often occurs with no warning.
fluttering or pounding heartbeat (palpitations) chest pain difficulty breathing dizziness or lightheadedness fainting fatigue shortness of breath anxiety symptoms in infants signs and symptoms of wpw syndrome in infants can include: wpw pale or faded skin color (pallor) blue or gray coloring to the skin
fluttering or pounding heartbeat (palpitations) chest pain dizziness fatigue lightheadedness reduced ability to exercise shortness of breath weakness atrial fibrillation may be: occasional (paroxysmal atrial fibrillation). a-fib symptoms come and go
fluttering or pounding heartbeats
fluttering or pounding heartbeats (palpitations) shortness of breath
focusing on tasks or remembering increased errors or accidents ongoing worries about sleep when to see a doctor if insomnia makes it hard for you to function during the day
folliculitis open pop-up dialog box close folliculitis folliculitis superficial folliculitis can look like a pus-filled bump. folliculitis open pop-up dialog box folliculitis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close folliculitis folliculitis superficial folliculitis can look like a pus-filled bump. close folliculitis folliculitis superficial folliculitis can look like a pus-filled bump. close folliculitis folliculitis superficial folliculitis can look like a pus-filled bump. close close close folliculitis folliculitis superficial folliculitis can look like a pus-filled bump. folliculitis superficial folliculitis can look like a pus-filled bump. superficial folliculitis can look like a pus-filled bump. hot tub folliculitis open pop-up dialog box close hot tub folliculitis hot tub folliculitis hot tub folliculitis causes round
follow your diabetes treatment. if you don't start to feel better quickly
followed by a high fever
followed by a mild fever.
followed by a red rash with small
followed by paralysis of one arm. depending on the severity of disease
followed by surgery if needed. surgery can help prevent the development of colorectal cancer or other complications. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff familial adenomatous polyposis care at mayo clinic
followed by sweating and a return to normal temperature. malaria signs and symptoms typically begin within a few weeks after being bitten by an infected mosquito. however
followed by the torso
followed by three to seven days of watery diarrhea. the infection can cause abdominal pain as well. in healthy adults
food and medicines.
foodborne botulism symptoms of foodborne botulism typically begin 12 to 36 hours after the toxin gets into your body. but depending on how much toxin you consumed
foods high in a substance that affects blood pressure (tyramine)
foot drop can affect one or both feet.
foot drop makes it difficult to lift the front part of the foot
foot or arm problems with walking and balance neck pain problems with the bowel or bladder
football
for a time
for a type called petaloid seborrheic dermatitis itchiness (pruritus) the signs and symptoms of seborrheic dermatitis tend to flare with stress
for a while now. i also have a sore neck
for both the child and the family. odd odd emotional and behavioral symptoms of odd generally last at least six months. they include angry and irritable mood
for either acute bronchitis or chronic bronchitis
for example
for example — can cause dizziness and fainting. and big drops
for example — or you might need to treat it long term. signs and symptoms of dry skin might vary based on your age
for instance — but it isn't considered a specific phobia unless it seriously disrupts your life. if anxiety negatively affects functioning in work
for longer than three months. true (primary) chronic daily headaches aren't caused by another condition. there are short-lasting and long-lasting chronic daily headaches. long-lasting headaches last more than four hours. they include: chronic migraine chronic tension-type headache new daily persistent headache hemicrania continua chronic migraine this type typically occurs in people with a history of episodic migraines. chronic migraines tend to: affect one side or both sides of your head have a pulsating
for most people with pseudocholinesterase deficiency
for no apparent reason
for revenge or out of rebellion. they steal simply because the urge is so powerful that they can't resist it. episodes of kleptomania generally happen suddenly
for some people
for the first few days
forcefully blowing out air or saliva
forearm and lower leg. signs and symptoms of a growth plate fracture may include: pain and tenderness
forehead
form of coccidioidomycosis is often mild
forming a sac tissues and nerves usually are exposed
forming plaques in the heart's arteries. if a plaque ruptures
foul smell of urine
foul-smelling discharge. the odor
foul-smelling stools
foul-smelling stools the inability to absorb nutrients might result in: failure to thrive for infants damage to tooth enamel weight loss anemia irritability short stature delayed puberty neurological symptoms
fractured
fragile skin that bruises easily slow healing of cuts
frequency and severity worsen if you're ill
frequent
frequent infections
frequent upward rubbing of the nose if your pet allergy contributes to asthma
frequent urination
friends or repair workers in your home. often
from childlike silliness to unpredictable agitation. behavior is not focused on a goal
from depression to euphoria food cravings neck stiffness increased urination fluid retention frequent yawning aura for some people
from the esophagus to the rectum. depending on which parts of the digestive system are affected
from the front to the back of your eye. when to seek medical advice contact your doctor if you think you have the warning signs of uveitis. he or she may refer you to an eye specialist (ophthalmologist). if you're having significant eye pain and unexpected vision problems
from the skin motor nerves that control muscle movement autonomic nerves that control functions such as blood pressure
from very small to more than 1 inch (2.5 centimeters) across varied number
from where it starts — the mouth — to where it ends — the anus — and the rate of bleeding. gi gi overt bleeding might show up as: vomiting blood
frontal lobe seizures often last less than 30 seconds. in some cases
frozen shoulder typically develops slowly in three stages. freezing stage. any movement of the shoulder causes pain
frustration
fuchs' dystrophy symptoms
fullness
fullness or a squeezing pain in the center of your chest that lasts for more than a few minutes pain spreading to your shoulder
fundal height often matches the number of weeks you've been pregnant. close close close fundal height fundal height fundal height is the distance from the pubic bone to the top of the uterus measured in centimeters. after 24 weeks of pregnancy
fundal height often matches the number of weeks you've been pregnant. close fundal height fundal height fundal height is the distance from the pubic bone to the top of the uterus measured in centimeters. after 24 weeks of pregnancy
fundal height often matches the number of weeks you've been pregnant. fundal height fundal height is the distance from the pubic bone to the top of the uterus measured in centimeters. after 24 weeks of pregnancy
fundal height often matches the number of weeks you've been pregnant. fundal height is the distance from the pubic bone to the top of the uterus measured in centimeters. after 24 weeks of pregnancy
fundal height often matches the number of weeks you've been pregnant. fundal height open pop-up dialog box fundal height open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close fundal height fundal height fundal height is the distance from the pubic bone to the top of the uterus measured in centimeters. after 24 weeks of pregnancy
fundal height often matches the number of weeks you've been pregnant. polyhydramnios open pop-up dialog box close polyhydramnios polyhydramnios in polyhydramnios
fundal height open pop-up dialog box close fundal height fundal height fundal height is the distance from the pubic bone to the top of the uterus measured in centimeters. after 24 weeks of pregnancy
fussiness or crying
gallbladder cancer signs and symptoms may include: abdominal pain
gallstones may cause no signs or symptoms. if a gallstone lodges in a duct and causes a blockage
gambling or binge eating unstable or fragile self-image unstable and intense relationships up and down moods
games or activities typical developmental behavior vs. adhd most healthy children are inattentive
gas
gas or diarrhea
gas or pain a feeling that your bowel doesn't empty completely weakness or fatigue unexplained weight loss many people with colon cancer experience no symptoms in the early stages of the disease. when symptoms appear
gases or dust allergy-induced asthma
gasoline
gasoline or feces. they may injure
gastrointestinal tract and limb growth
gastrointestinal tract or liver yellow plaques on the white surface (sclera) of the eyes the condition is generally long term (chronic)
gaucher disease affects the brain
gender
general knowledge
general signs and symptoms of most types of vasculitis include: fever headache fatigue weight loss general aches and pains other signs and symptoms are related to the parts of the body affected
general signs and symptoms of the early stages of acute myelogenous leukemia may mimic those of the flu or other common diseases. signs and symptoms of acute myelogenous leukemia include: fever bone pain lethargy and fatigue shortness of breath pale skin frequent infections easy bruising unusual bleeding
general swelling
generalized anxiety disorder symptoms can vary. they may include: persistent worrying or anxiety about a number of areas that are out of proportion to the impact of the events overthinking plans and solutions to all possible worst-case outcomes perceiving situations and events as threatening
generally start as swollen
genetic condition. it occurs when there are mutations in the genes that affect the nerves in your feet
genital herpes open pop-up dialog box close genital herpes genital herpes sores associated with genital herpes can be small bumps
genital warts appear mostly on the vulva but can also occur near the anus
genital warts appear on the penis and scrotum or around the anus. genital warts rarely cause discomfort or pain
genital warts can also grow inside the vagina. close close close female genital warts female genital warts genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
genital warts can also grow inside the vagina. close female genital warts female genital warts genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
genital warts can also grow inside the vagina. female genital warts genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
genital warts can also grow inside the vagina. female genital warts open pop-up dialog box female genital warts open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close female genital warts female genital warts genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
genital warts can also grow inside the vagina. genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
genital warts can also grow inside the vagina. male genital warts open pop-up dialog box close male genital warts male genital warts genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
genital warts can grow on the vulva
genital warts can multiply into large clusters in someone with a suppressed immune system.
genitals
genitourinary syndrome of menopause (gsm) signs and symptoms may include: vaginal dryness vaginal burning vaginal discharge genital itching burning with urination urgency with urination frequent urination recurrent urinary tract infections urinary incontinence light bleeding after intercourse discomfort with intercourse decreased vaginal lubrication during sexual activity shortening and tightening of the vaginal canal
gestational diabetes or type 2 diabetes
get help right away through one or more of these resources: reach out to a close friend or loved one. contact a minister
get medical care right away.
get out of bed and run around the house or have aggressive behavior if blocked or restrained when to see a doctor occasional sleep terrors aren't usually a cause for concern. if your child has sleep terrors
gets worse with activity
getting alcohol or recovering from alcohol use feeling a strong craving or urge to drink alcohol failing to fulfill major obligations at work
getting older can mean more damaged and narrowed arteries. second
giant cell arteritis open pop-up dialog box close giant cell arteritis giant cell arteritis giant cell arteritis causes inflammation of certain arteries
gingivitis open pop-up dialog box close gingivitis gingivitis gingivitis can cause dusky red
give both the reading and the type of thermometer used.
given away to family or friends
giving the breast a red
giving the skin a speckled or mottled appearance. they're very common in areas that get repeated sun exposure
glaucoma
go away during weekends and vacations
go to an emergency room
goes away and comes back
going on buying sprees
golfer's elbow open pop-up dialog box close golfer's elbow golfer's elbow the pain of golfer's elbow occurs primarily where the tendons of the forearm muscles attach to the bony bump on the inside of the elbow (medial epicondyle). by contrast
gonorrhea infection causes no symptoms. symptoms
gout open pop-up dialog box close gout gout gout causes intense pain and swelling around one or more joints. gout most commonly affects the joint at the base of the big toe. gout open pop-up dialog box gout open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close gout gout gout causes intense pain and swelling around one or more joints. gout most commonly affects the joint at the base of the big toe. close gout gout gout causes intense pain and swelling around one or more joints. gout most commonly affects the joint at the base of the big toe. close gout gout gout causes intense pain and swelling around one or more joints. gout most commonly affects the joint at the base of the big toe. close close close gout gout gout causes intense pain and swelling around one or more joints. gout most commonly affects the joint at the base of the big toe. gout gout causes intense pain and swelling around one or more joints. gout most commonly affects the joint at the base of the big toe. gout causes intense pain and swelling around one or more joints. gout most commonly affects the joint at the base of the big toe. the signs and symptoms of gout almost always occur suddenly
gradually build up clutter in living spaces
grainy bumps rough to the touch sprinkled with black pinpoints
grainy bumps that are rough to the touch. close close close common warts common warts common warts can grow on your hands or fingers. they're small
grainy bumps that are rough to the touch. close common warts common warts common warts can grow on your hands or fingers. they're small
grainy bumps that are rough to the touch. common warts can grow on your hands or fingers. they're small
grainy bumps that are rough to the touch. common warts common warts can grow on your hands or fingers. they're small
grainy bumps that are rough to the touch. common warts open pop-up dialog box common warts open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close common warts common warts common warts can grow on your hands or fingers. they're small
grainy bumps that are rough to the touch. plantar warts open pop-up dialog box close plantar warts plantar warts plantar warts are caused by the same type of virus that causes warts on your hands and fingers. but
grainy growths that usually appear on the heels or balls of your feet. these warts might cause discomfort. flat warts. flat warts are flat-topped
grand mal seizures have two stages: tonic phase. loss of consciousness occurs
grasp or pinch an object
gray
gray membrane covering the throat and tonsils a sore throat and hoarseness swollen glands (enlarged lymph nodes) in the neck difficulty breathing or rapid breathing nasal discharge fever and chills tiredness in some people
greasy stools poor weight gain and growth intestinal blockage
green
greenish or black nipple discharge from one or both nipples tenderness in the nipple or surrounding breast tissue (areola) redness of the nipple and areolar tissue a breast lump or thickening near the clogged duct a nipple that's turned inward (inverted) a bacterial infection called mastitis also may develop in the affected milk duct
gritty or sensitive to light. jaw or tongue (oromandibular dystonia). you might experience slurred speech
groin
groin and back of the neck. it develops slowly. the affected skin might be itchy
groin and even the feet. the pain can improve with movement. the following can make sacroiliitis pain worse: sleeping or sitting for a long time. standing a long time. having more weight on one leg than the other. stair climbing. running. taking large steps when moving forward.
groin area or under the breasts rash that may look darker or lighter in people with brown or black skin and redder in those with white skin ring-shaped (annular) rash
groin or lower back pain in the area between the scrotum and rectum (perineum) pain or discomfort of the penis or testicles painful ejaculation fever
groin pain
grooming or looks changes in behavior — major efforts to bar family members from entering the teenager's room or being secretive about going out with friends; or drastic changes in behavior and in relationships with family and friends money issues — sudden requests for money without a reasonable explanation; or your discovery that money is missing or has been stolen or that items have disappeared from your home
grooming or skin picking attempting to hide perceived flaws with styling
group b strep can cause a urinary tract infection or other more-serious infections. signs and symptoms of infections that may be caused by group b strep include the following. urinary tract infection a strong
guillain-barre syndrome often begins with tingling and weakness starting in your feet and legs and spreading to your upper body and arms. some people notice the first symptoms in the arms or face. as guillain-barre syndrome progresses
guilt or inadequacy reduced ability to think clearly
guilt or self-blame believe that you did something wrong or could have prevented the death feel life isn't worth living without your loved one wish you had died along with your loved one
guilty or upset about your eating frequently dieting
gum disease and tooth decay from smoking drugs ("meth mouth") insomnia depression as the drug wears off club drugs club drugs are commonly used at clubs
gums
gums and inside of the cheeks. a rash on the palms
gums and tonsils slightly raised lesions with a cottage cheese-like appearance redness
hacking cough
hacking cough.
hacking cough. my face and body are swollen.
hair
hair and eye color
hair follicles
hair loss
hair loss occurs suddenly and usually starts with one or more circular bald patches that may overlap. close close close patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) in the type of patchy hair loss known as alopecia areata
hair loss occurs suddenly and usually starts with one or more circular bald patches that may overlap. close patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) in the type of patchy hair loss known as alopecia areata
hair loss occurs suddenly and usually starts with one or more circular bald patches that may overlap. in the type of patchy hair loss known as alopecia areata
hair loss occurs suddenly and usually starts with one or more circular bald patches that may overlap. patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) in the type of patchy hair loss known as alopecia areata
hair loss occurs suddenly and usually starts with one or more circular bald patches that may overlap. patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) open pop-up dialog box patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) in the type of patchy hair loss known as alopecia areata
hair loss occurs suddenly and usually starts with one or more circular bald patches that may overlap. traction alopecia open pop-up dialog box close traction alopecia traction alopecia hair loss can occur if you wear pigtails
hair loss on the head and irregular periods hormone changes in men that might cause enlarged breast tissue and shrinking testicles nausea vomiting abdominal bloating back pain fever loss of appetite loss of weight without trying causes it's not clear what causes adrenal cancer. adrenal cancer forms when something creates changes (mutations) in the dna of an adrenal gland cell. a cell's dna contains the instructions that tell a cell what to do. the mutations can tell the cell to multiply uncontrollably and to continue living when healthy cells would die. when this happens
hair often begins to recede at the hairline on the forehead. women typically have a broadening of the part in their hair. an increasingly common hair loss pattern in older women is a receding hairline (frontal fibrosing alopecia). circular or patchy bald spots. some people lose hair in circular or patchy bald spots on the scalp
hair pulling can be: focused. some people pull their hair intentionally to relieve tension or distress — for example
hair pulling ends within a few years of starting. when to see a doctor if you can't stop pulling out your hair or you feel embarrassed or ashamed by your appearance as a result of your hair pulling
hair pulling is a way of dealing with negative or uncomfortable feelings
hairy cell leukemia might cause: a feeling of fullness in your belly that may make it uncomfortable to eat more than a little at a time fatigue easy bruising recurring infections weakness losing weight without trying
hairy cell leukemia might not cause symptoms. sometimes a health care provider finds it by accident during a blood test for another condition. when it causes symptoms
hallucinations
hallucinations have the full force and impact of a normal experience. hallucinations can be in any of the senses
hallucinations or disorganized speech
hammertoe and mallet toe feature an abnormal bend in the joints of one or more of your toes. moving the affected toe may be difficult or painful. corns and calluses can result from the toe rubbing against the inside of your shoes.
hand and foot can be affected. some people develop avascular necrosis on both sides
hand licking
hand or foot sensitivity to touch or cold swelling of the painful area changes in skin temperature — alternating between sweaty and cold changes in skin color
hand tremors
hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand open pop-up dialog box close hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand hand-foot-and-mouth disease on the hand hand-foot-and-mouth disease often causes a rash of painful
hands
hands and arms. sometimes
hands and feet. within a day or two
hands and forearms
hands and shoulders might also ache. the joint discomfort usually lasts at least two weeks. muscle pain. muscular pain usually ebbs and flows with the fever
hands or eyes increased need to urinate reduced need for insulin or diabetes medicine confusion or difficulty concentrating shortness of breath loss of appetite nausea and vomiting persistent itching fatigue
hangover symptoms typically begin when your blood alcohol content drops significantly and is at or near zero. they're usually in full effect the morning after a night of heavy drinking. depending on what and how much you drank
happening as often as 100 times per day
hard
hard stool passage of large stool that clogs or almost clogs the toilet avoidance of bowel movements long periods of time between bowel movements lack of appetite abdominal pain problems with daytime wetting or bedwetting (enuresis) repeated bladder infections
harmless (innocent) heart murmurs usually don't cause any other symptoms. symptoms of worrisome heart murmurs depend on the cause. heart murmur symptoms may include: blue or gray fingernails or lips chest pain cough that doesn't go away dizziness swollen liver swollen neck veins fainting heavy sweating with little or no activity in infants
hashish and other cannabis-containing substances people use cannabis by smoking
have a fever
have a fever and cough
have a hard time waking up or have a weak cry. underdeveloped genitals. males may have a small penis and scrotum. the testicles may be small or not descended from the abdomen into the scrotum (cryptorchidism). in females
have a history of depression
have an odor and develop skin tags.
have many colors or have uneven color. d is for diameter. look for new growth in a mole larger than 1/4 inch (about 6 millimeters). e is for evolving. watch for moles that change in size
have symptoms only at certain times — such as when exercising — or have symptoms all the time. asthma signs and symptoms include: shortness of breath chest tightness or pain wheezing when exhaling
have trouble with drinking or drugs
having a heart attack or even dying. fear of another panic attack can lead to avoiding similar situations or the place where it happened in an attempt to prevent future panic attacks. symptoms of a panic attack can include: rapid heart rate. trouble breathing or a feeling of choking. chest pain or pressure. lightheadedness or dizziness. feeling shaky
having any of these signs may mean the condition is secondary hypertension: high blood pressure that doesn't respond to blood pressure medications (resistant hypertension) very high blood pressure — systolic blood pressure over 180 millimeters of mercury (mm hg) or diastolic blood pressure over 120 mm hg high blood pressure that no longer responds to medication that previously controlled the blood pressure sudden-onset high blood pressure before age 30 or after age 55 no family history of high blood pressure no obesity
having some discomfort after vasectomy is common
having temper tantrums
hay fever symptoms can include: runny nose and nasal stuffiness (congestion) watery
hazy and distorted vision
he or she may prescribe an emergency epinephrine shot to be used if anaphylaxis occurs. the shot comes in a device that makes it easy to deliver
he or she may try to avoid it. you may notice your child crossing his or her legs
head lice open pop-up dialog box close head lice head lice head lice feed on blood from the scalp. the female louse lays eggs (nits) that stick to hair shafts. head lice open pop-up dialog box head lice open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close head lice head lice head lice feed on blood from the scalp. the female louse lays eggs (nits) that stick to hair shafts. close head lice head lice head lice feed on blood from the scalp. the female louse lays eggs (nits) that stick to hair shafts. close head lice head lice head lice feed on blood from the scalp. the female louse lays eggs (nits) that stick to hair shafts. close close close head lice head lice head lice feed on blood from the scalp. the female louse lays eggs (nits) that stick to hair shafts. head lice head lice feed on blood from the scalp. the female louse lays eggs (nits) that stick to hair shafts. head lice feed on blood from the scalp. the female louse lays eggs (nits) that stick to hair shafts. common signs and symptoms of lice include: intense itching on the scalp
head or neck
head size measures much smaller than average for the child's age and sex. a child with more-severe microcephaly may also have a sloping forehead.
headache
headache and chills. i wake up every day having a terrible pain in my belly area. i've also been feeling really weak and tired.
headache and muscle aches. pontiac fever doesn't infect your lungs
headache and occasionally diarrhea. after about a week
headache and vomiting. i've developed red spots all over my body and i'm very itchy.
headache or drowsiness afterward. signs and symptoms of absence seizures include: sudden stop in motion without falling lip smacking eyelid flutters chewing motions finger rubbing small movements of both hands afterward
headaches
health care professionals or support groups a false medical history
health care providers compare the measurement with other children's measurements in percentiles. some children just have small heads
health status
health tips and current health topics
healthy gums are firm and fit snugly around teeth. the color of healthy gums can vary. they may range from light pink in some people to dark pink and brown in others. symptoms of periodontitis can include: swollen or puffy gums. bright red
hearing loss
hearing loss can be long-lasting and not get better. ringing in the ear. ringing in the ear is called tinnitus. tinnitus is the term for when you have a ringing
heart
heart (endocarditis) or lungs (pneumonia) bones and muscles surgically implanted devices
heart and thyroid function
heart arrhythmias may not cause any signs or symptoms. a doctor may notice the irregular heartbeat when examining you for another health reason. in general
heart attack open pop-up dialog box close heart attack heart attack a heart attack occurs when an artery supplying the heart with blood and oxygen becomes blocked. fatty deposits build up over time
heart disease symptoms depend on the type of heart disease. symptoms of heart disease in the blood vessels coronary artery disease is a common heart condition that affects the major blood vessels that supply the heart muscle. cholesterol deposits (plaques) in the heart arteries are usually the cause of coronary artery disease. the buildup of these plaques is called atherosclerosis (ath-ur-o-skluh-roe-sis). atherosclerosis reduces blood flow to the heart and other parts of the body. it can lead to a heart attack
heart failure open pop-up dialog box close heart failure heart failure heart failure occurs when the heart muscle doesn't pump blood as well as it should. blood often backs up and causes fluid to build up in the lungs and in the legs. the fluid buildup can cause shortness of breath and swelling of the legs and feet. poor blood flow may cause the skin to appear blue or gray. depending on your skin color
heart failure symptoms start suddenly. heart failure symptoms may include: shortness of breath with activity or when lying down. fatigue and weakness. swelling in the legs
heart or lungs also may be affected. signs and symptoms of systemic mastocytosis may include: flushing
heart palpitations can feel like the heart is: beating too fast flip-flopping fluttering rapidly pounding skipping beats heart palpitations may be felt in the throat or neck as well as the chest. they can occur during activity or at rest.
heart rate
heart valve disease symptoms generally include: chest pain fainting (syncope) fatigue irregular heartbeat shortness of breath swollen feet or ankles endocarditis is an infection that affects the heart valves and inner lining of the heart chambers and heart valves (endocardium). endocarditis symptoms can include: dry or persistent cough fever heartbeat changes shortness of breath skin rashes or unusual spots swelling of the legs or belly area weakness or fatigue
heart valves and lungs.
heartbeats can become irregular. heart failure may also occur in some people.
heartburn
heat and cold loss of bowel or bladder function difficulty walking
heat and pain loss of bowel or bladder function paralysis
heat and sound loss of intellectual
heat intolerance
heaviness or visible enlargement of one breast discoloration
heavy sweating (diaphoresis) lightheadedness
heightened state of mourning that keeps you from healing. signs and symptoms of complicated grief may include: intense sorrow
help distinguish cas from other types of speech disorders. those particularly associated with cas include: cas cas difficulty moving smoothly from one sound
helpless or embarrassed. anxiety disorder due to a medical condition includes symptoms of intense anxiety or panic that are directly caused by a physical health problem. generalized anxiety disorder includes persistent and excessive anxiety and worry about activities or events — even ordinary
hemicrania continua headaches are associated with at least one of the following: tearing or redness of the eye on the affected side nasal congestion or runny nose drooping eyelid or pupil narrowing sensation of restlessness
hemifacial spasms come and go. but eventually
hemifacial spasms may occur on both sides of the face. however
hemorrhage is the first sign. avm avm but some people with brain avm may experience signs and symptoms other than bleeding
hepatitis a results in a severe illness that lasts several months.
hepatitis a symptoms typically appear a few weeks after you've had the virus. but not everyone with hepatitis a develops symptoms. if you do
here's what it might look like: the top of the foot is usually twisted downward and inward
hereditary paraganglioma syndromes or neurofibromatosis 1
heroin
hey mom and dad
hidradenitis suppurativa can affect one or several areas of the body. signs and symptoms of the condition include: blackheads. blackheads appear in small pitted areas of skin
high blood pressure in the lungs or heart failure. symptoms may include: fatigue and weakness nausea and lack of appetite persistent cough or wheezing rapid or irregular heartbeat
high blood pressure usually doesn't cause symptoms. however
high cholesterol has no symptoms. a blood test is the only way to detect if you have it.
high fever
high or revved up being drowsy requesting early refills or continually "losing" prescriptions
high white blood cell count
high white blood cell counts
high-density lipoprotein (hdl) cholesterol — the "good" cholesterol — decreases in many women as they age
hip and shoulders. the shoulder blades might stick out like wings when arms are raised. onset usually occurs in the teenage years but can begin in childhood or as late as age 50. congenital. this type affects boys and girls and is apparent at birth or before age 2. some forms progress slowly and cause only mild disability
hip dislocation at birth
hip joint pain
hip pain
hip problems
hips
hips and shoulders. in most cases
hips or buttocks
hips or thighs stiffness in affected areas
history of alcohol consumption
histrionic personality disorder and narcissistic personality disorder. antisocial personality disorder disregard for others' needs or feelings persistent lying
hiv
hiv is still present in the body and in white blood cells. however
hiv typically turns into aids in about 8 to 10 years. aids hiv aids hiv aids when aids occurs
hives
hives the welts associated with hives can be: skin-colored
hoarseness
hobbies or sports sleep disturbances
hockey
hopeless or not enjoying things you used to enjoy frequent crying worrying or feeling anxious
hopeless or tearful (in children and teens
hormonal imbalance
horner syndrome usually affects only one side of the face. common signs and symptoms include: a persistently small pupil (miosis) a notable difference in pupil size between the two eyes (anisocoria) little or delayed opening (dilation) of the affected pupil in dim light drooping of the upper eyelid (ptosis) slight elevation of the lower lid
hostility or violence suicidal thinking sometimes symptoms of a mental health disorder appear as physical problems
hot flash symptoms persist for more than seven years. some women have them for more than 10 years.
hours
how long and how often you're exposed
how many vertigo attacks you have may lessen.
how quickly the goiter grows and whether it obstructs breathing. underactive thyroid (hypothyroidism) signs and symptoms of hypothyroidism include: fatigue increased sensitivity to cold increased sleepiness dry skin constipation muscle weakness problems with memory or concentration overactive thyroid (hyperthyroidism) signs and symptoms of hyperthyroidism include: weight loss rapid heartbeat (tachycardia) increased sensitivity to heat excess sweating tremors irritability and nervousness muscle weakness frequent bowel movements changes in menstrual patterns sleep difficulty high blood pressure increased appetite children with hyperthyroidism might also have the following: rapid growth in height changes in behavior bone growth that outpaces expected growth for the child's age obstructive goiter the size or position of a goiter may obstruct the airway and voice box. signs and symptoms may include: difficulty swallowing difficulty breathing with exertion cough hoarseness snoring
how you relate to others and how you behave. signs and symptoms may include: an intense fear of abandonment
however
however. risk factors your risk of developing frontotemporal dementia is higher if you have a family history of dementia. there are no other known risk factors. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff frontotemporal dementia care at mayo clinic
humiliation and fear of being exposed as a failure.
huntington's disease usually causes movement
husky voice due to enlarged vocal cords and sinuses severe snoring due to obstruction of the upper airway vision problems headaches
hyperactive or impulsive at one time or another. it's typical for preschoolers to have short attention spans and be unable to stick with one activity for long. even in older children and teenagers
hypermobile ehlers-danlos syndrome
hyperthyroidism sometimes looks like other health problems. that can make it hard to diagnose. it can cause many symptoms
hyperventilating
hypoglycemia signs and symptoms can include: looking pale shakiness sweating headache hunger or nausea an irregular or fast heartbeat fatigue irritability or anxiety difficulty concentrating dizziness or lightheadedness tingling or numbness of the lips
hypogonadism can alter certain masculine physical characteristics and impair normal reproductive function. early signs and symptoms might include: decreased sex drive decreased energy depression over time
hyponatremia signs and symptoms may include: nausea and vomiting headache confusion loss of energy
i am experiencing cramps every day.
i am feeling very sick. i have no appetite and i feel like vomiting. i have also noticed some red spots on my skin. i am worried about my health.
i am tired all the time
i can't breathe well
i can't catch my breath
i feel like i'm always tired and i have a tickle in my throat. my skin is also dry and i sometimes get swelling around my eyes.
i feel like i'm getting a cold. my neck is swollen
i feel like i'm going to pass out when i have a fever. my head is spinning
i feel like i'm going to throw up after i eat. i have a lot of pain in my abdomen and i have really bad acid reflux.
i feel like vomiting all the time
i feel really sick when i have a fever. i get really nauseous and lightheaded
i feel really sick. i have no energy and have lost my appetite. i also have small red spots on my skin.
i feel sick
i feel sick to my stomach
i feel tired all the time
i feel tired and i don't want to eat. i'm always nervous.
i feel weak and my lymph nodes are swollen. my eyes burn and my throat hurts. my sinuses are congested and my nose is stuffy. i can't smell anything and my chest hurts.
i feel weak and tired. i can't taste or smell things as well as i used to. sometimes my heart beats fast or i feel like i'm going to pass out.
i get rashes and skin irritations
i have a bad cold. i've been sneezing a lot and i have a sore throat. i also have a lot of mucus in my nose and throat. my neck is a little swollen and it hurts when i swallow.
i have a bad cough and i'm really tired. i have a high fever and my breathing is shallow. when i cough
i have a bruise on my leg and the skin around the veins is dry and flaky. my legs have started to swell.
i have a bunch of little red bumps all over my body. they're itchy and uncomfortable. i also have a fever and a headache.
i have a bunch of red spots all over my body. they are itchy and starting to swell. i think they are spreading.
i have a burning feeling in my stomach that is worse when i lie down. i also have pain after eating certain foods
i have a burning feeling in my throat after i eat. i also sometimes get a bitter or sour taste in my mouth
i have a burning pain in my stomach that comes and goes. i also have a loss of appetite and energy and often feel very fatigued.
i have a burning pain in my stomach that comes and goes. i also have a lot of gas and bloating. i have been losing weight and i don't feel like eating. sometimes i have dark and tarry stools and blood in my vomit.
i have a burning pain in my stomach that comes and goes. i feel like i have to burp all the time
i have a burning pain in my stomach that comes and goes. i have problems swallowing and feel bloated and gassy. i have a bitter taste in my mouth.
i have a burning pain in my stomach that comes and goes. it is worse when i eat certain foods
i have a burning sensation in my chest and throat
i have a burning sensation in my chest and throat. it feels like acid or food is coming up into my throat. it's worse when i lie down. i also have heartburn and indigestion after i eat
i have a burning sensation in my stomach and i have to use antacids to get rid of it. i have lost weight and i have a hard time gaining it back.
i have a burning sensation in my stomach that comes and goes. i also have heartburn
i have a burning sensation in my stomach that comes and goes. it's worse when i eat and when i lie down. i also have heartburn and indigestion.
i have a burning sensation in my throat
i have a burning sensation in my throat that comes and goes
i have a burning sensation in my throat that comes and goes. it's worse after i eat and sometimes i get a sour or bitter taste in my mouth. i also get nauseous sometimes.
i have a burning sensation in my upper abdomen
i have a burning sensation in my upper stomach that comes and goes. i also have heartburn
i have a burning sensation when i pee
i have a burning sensation when i pee. sometimes it's really painful and my urine smells bad. i have to pee more often
i have a chronic cough
i have a chronic dry cough. i have palpitations and my infections don't seem to be getting better. i also have a sore throat that comes and goes.
i have a constant hunger and i eat a lot. my stomach hurts and cramps sometimes. i have gas and bloating after i eat
i have a constant sour taste in my mouth
i have a cough that has been going on for a few days
i have a cough that won't go away
i have a dry cough that just won't go away. i also have this problem with my infections not healing and i have palpitations.
i have a dry cough that won't go away. i also get infections that don't seem to heal
i have a feeling of food or acid backing up into my throat. i have chest pain which gets worse if i lie down. i get frequent heartburn or indigestion
i have a feeling of tremors and muscle twitching. i have decreased sense of smell or taste and i feel fatigued. sometimes i have a feeling of rapid hearbeat or palipatations. i also have a feeling of thirst and i urinate frequently.
i have a fever
i have a fever and a headache. i have sores near my nose and rashes on my neck. i'm really struggling right now.
i have a fever and a rash on my face. the rash is red and painful
i have a fever and chills
i have a fever and feel weak. i have sores on my face that are itchy and uncomfortable. the sores sometimes ooze a yellow fluid.
i have a fever and i can't breathe through my nose or mouth. i'm tired and i've been coughing up mucus. can you recommend some medications?
i have a fever and i feel dizzy and lightheaded. my heart is beating very fast and i feel very confused. i can't think very clearly and everything feels foggy.
i have a fever and i feel really lightheaded and woozy. my heart is pounding and my head is really foggy. i can't think straight and everything looks blurry.
i have a fever and my back hurts. i also have rashes on my arms and armpits. the back of my eyeballs hurt a lot. i'm worried about my health.
i have a fever and my nose is sore. there are red sores on my nose that are painful and have yellow stuff coming out of them.
i have a fever and my stomach hurts. i have to pee all the time
i have a fever and red spots all over my body. i feel really tired and i don't want to eat anything. i'm worried about what's wrong with me.
i have a fever and sores on my face. the sores are taking a long time to heal and are getting infected.
i have a gnawing hunger and apetite. sometimes i get abdominal cramps and spasms. there is bloating and gas after eating which causes me a great deal of uneasiness
i have a hard time concentrating and my emotions are all over the place. i feel like i'm in a fog and it's hard to do simple tasks.
i have a hard time concentrating and my mind is not clear. i have trouble remembering things and i forget things a lot.
i have a hard time eating because i feel like i'm going to throw up. i also have a lot of heartburn and a tingling sensation in my throat.
i have a hard time swallowing
i have a hard time swallowing and i feel like food is getting stuck in my throat. i belch a lot and feel bloated. i have a bad taste in my mouth all the time.
i have a high fever
i have a high fever and a headache. i also have a lot of pain in my belly. i can't go to work because of this.
i have a high fever and a headache. my body hurts and i feel cold. i'm worried about my health.
i have a high fever and a severe headache. my body aches and i feel chills every night. i also have a pain behind my eyes.
i have a high fever and chills every night. i don't feel like eating anything and my back
i have a lot of acid reflux and it makes me feel sick to my stomach. i also have a lot of stomach pain.
i have a lot of acid reflux and stomach pain. i also throw up a lot after i eat.
i have a lot of burping and belching. i get chest discomfort that goes up my neck and into my jaw and arm. i have pressure and tension in my chest.
i have a lot of gas and burping. i have chest pain that goes up my neck and into my jaw and arm. i feel like my chest is tight and heavy.
i have a lot of heartburn
i have a lot of heartburn and acid reflux. i also feel sick after eating and sometimes throw up.
i have a lot of heartburn and acid reflux. i also have a sore throat and bad breath. i throw up a lot.
i have a lot of heartburn and i feel like i'm choking when i eat. i also have a lot of stomach pain and i vomit a lot.
i have a lot of heartburn and indigestion
i have a lot of heartburn and indigestion. it's worse when i eat spicy or fatty foods. it also hurts when i lean forward or lie down.
i have a lot of itchy spots on my skin. they're sometimes red or bumpy
i have a lot of nausea and chest pain. my chest has been hurting for a while now. i shiver a lot and i'm really anxious.
i have a lot of pain in my chest and i feel really sick to my stomach. my chest has been hurting a lot lately and i've been really shaky and anxious.
i have a lot of pain in my legs
i have a lot of pain in my lymph nodes. i have rashes all over my body and i cannot sleep at night because of them.
i have a lot of pain in my neck and back. i also feel weak and lightheaded. i've been coughing up mucus.
i have a lot of pain in my neck and my muscles feel weak. my joints are swollen and i have a lot of stiffness when i walk. walking is also very uncomfortable.
i have a lot of rashes and skin irritations
i have a lot of red pimples and itchy skin on my arms and legs. i also have a few odd-looking lesions on my skin. and occasionally there are bumps that are somewhat uncomfortable.
i have a lot of red spots all over my body. they are itchy and i have a fever
i have a lot of red spots on my skin and they are spreading rapidly. i also have a mild fever and headache every night.
i have a lot of small red bumps all over my body. they're itchy and uncomfortable. i'm worried about what they could be.
i have a lot of sneezing and a sore throat. my lips and the area around my eyes sometimes swell up. i can't stop sneezing once i start.
i have a lot of stomach pain
i have a lot of stomach pain and i have to take antacids to help. i have lost a lot of weight and i can't seem to gain it back. my mouth hurts really bad.
i have a lot of stomach pain and i have to take antacids to relieve it. i also have a lot of heartburn. i have lost a lot of weight and i find it hard to gain weight.
i have a lot of tiny red spots all over my face and neck area. they are itchy and make my day very uncomfortable.
i have a lot of varicose veins on my legs and they are really painful. i also get cramps in my legs a lot.
i have a metallic taste in my mouth and my sense of taste and smell has changed. i also get muscle and joint aches sometimes.
i have a metallic taste in my mouth and my sense of taste and smell have changed. i also have joint and muscle pain.
i have a metallic taste in my mouth and my sense of taste and smell is different. i also have severe joint and muscle pain.
i have a pain in my lower abdomen and i feel like i have to pee all the time. when i do pee
i have a pretty irritating itch all over my body
i have a rash all over my body
i have a rash all over my body and i feel really itchy. i'm also feeling really tired and i don't have an appetite.
i have a rash all over my body and it's really itchy. i'm also vomiting and my joints hurt.
i have a rash all over my body that is itchy and painful. i also have a fever and feel tired.
i have a rash all over my body that is really itchy. i also have a fever
i have a rash all over my body that is really itchy. i also have some bumps that are firm and some patches that are a different color than the rest of my skin.
i have a rash all over my body that is red and itchy. i also have some small bumps that look like pimples and some strange patches that are a different color than the rest of my skin.
i have a rash all over my body that is red and swollen. it is itchy and uncomfortable. i also have a fever.
i have a rash all over my body that is very itchy. it is red and bumpy
i have a rash all over my body. it is itchy and red. there are some patches that are a different color than the rest of my skin. i also have some pimples that look like little balls.
i have a rash all over my body. it's itchy and the patches are darker than the rest of my skin. i also have some firm lumps.
i have a rash all over my body. it's really itchy and i feel really sick.
i have a rash all over my body. it's red and itchy. i've also been feeling achy and tired.
i have a rash all over my body. it's red and swollen
i have a rash around my nose
i have a rash around my nose and mouth
i have a rash around my nose that is red and inflamed. the rash has caused my skin to become dry and flaky
i have a rash on my arms and legs that is itchy and red. there are also some weird looking spots on my skin. sometimes the bumps feel kind of hard.
i have a rash on my arms and neck that bleeds and hurts when i scratch it. i also have small dents in my nails.
i have a rash on my arms and neck that itches like crazy. i've been feeling really uncomfortable all day.
i have a rash on my back and chest
i have a rash on my cheeks and nose that is spreading to my neck and chest. i also have a fever.
i have a rash on my chest and back and it itches. i also have dry skin that sometimes flakes and leaves marks on my body.
i have a rash on my face
i have a rash on my face and it's really painful. there are little blisters around my nose and they're oozing yellow liquid.
i have a rash on my face and near my nose. it's been there for a few days and it's starting to spread down my arms and legs.
i have a rash on my face and neck. it's red and blistery. i'm worried about it.
i have a rash on my face and nose. i don't know what it is. the sores on my cheek are big and they hurt to touch. i also have a burning feeling and redness on my skin.
i have a rash on my face and sores near my nose. the sores are red
i have a rash on my face that is getting worse. it is red
i have a rash on my face that is getting worse. it is very painful and has started to ooze yellow fluid.
i have a rash on my face that is red
i have a rash on my face that is very painful and inflamed. the sores are weeping clear fluid and it is getting worse every day.
i have a rash on my face. i have little sores around my nose that are oozing yellow stuff. the sores are really painful.
i have a rash on my face. i have small sores around my nose and they are very painful. sometimes a yellow fluid comes out of the sores.
i have a rash on my legs that is causing a lot of discomforts. it seems there is a cramp and i can see prominent veins on the calf. also
i have a rash on my legs that is getting worse. i have difficulty running.
i have a rash on my legs that is giving me a lot of pain. there appears to be a cramp
i have a rash on my legs that is red
i have a rash on my nose that is red and itchy. it feels like it is burning. i think it might be an infection.
i have a rash on my nose that started out small but has gotten bigger and is now red and oozing. it hurts and i think it might be an infection.
i have a rash on my skin that is causing a lot of discomfort. it is red and inflamed
i have a rash on my skin that is itchy and has a different color than the rest of my skin. i also have some firm pimples or breakouts on my skin.
i have a rash on my skin that is itchy and has been getting worse over time. there are also some patches of skin that are different colors than the rest
i have a rash on my skin that is itchy and irritating. it is also flaky. it has spread to other areas of my body
i have a rash on my skin that is itchy and uncomfortable. i have also noticed small dents in my nails
i have a rash on my skin that is itchy and uncomfortable. it is also red and flaky. it has been spreading to other parts of my body
i have a rash on my skin that is itchy and uncomfortable. there are also some odd patches of skin that are a different color. i also have a few pimples on my skin that resemble little knots.
i have a rash on my skin that is red
i have a rash on my skin that is spreading rapidly. it is very itchy and i can hardly sleep at night.
i have a rash on my skin that is very uncomfortable. there are also some odd patches of a different color and some pimples that resemble little knots.
i have a rash on my skin that looks like dischromic patches
i have a rash on my skin. it is mainly near my nose
i have a rash that is itchy and it is making it hard to sleep at night. i have also lost my appetite and feel lethargic.
i have a rash that is itchy and painful. my nails have little dents in them. i also have skin peeling in different parts of my body.
i have a rash that is itchy and red. it is also bumpy and has some patches that are a different color than the rest of my skin. i have also had some pimples that resemble little balls.
i have a rash that is itchy and sometimes red and rough. i also have little pimples that look like tiny balls and some spots that are a different color than the rest of my skin. it really irritates me and itches.
i have a rash that is red and itchy. it is covered in silvery scales. it is on my back
i have a rash that looks red and inflamed
i have a rash that sometimes causes my skin to peel off. i'm more susceptible to illnesses as a result. i also get shaky and my hands shake sometimes.
i have a rash that started out as small red sores near my nose and neck. the sores have gotten more painful and inflamed in recent days
i have a rash with little bumps that are itchy and painful. i also have a fever and feel tired.
i have a really bad cold. i can't stop coughing and my sinuses are all blocked. i have a lot of mucus and my chest hurts. i can't smell anything and my muscles are really sore.
i have a really bad cold. i'm coughing up a storm
i have a really bad cold. my nose is stuffy
i have a really bad cold. my sinuses are so congested and my eyes are red. i feel so tired and drained. i have a lot of phlegm in my throat and my lymph nodes are swollen. it's hard to breathe.
i have a really bad sore throat and i feel tired all the time. i also get feverish and often have muscle aches. sometimes my whole body just cramps up
i have a really high fever
i have a really itchy rash on my skin and there are some weird spots that are a different color. there are also some bumps on my skin that look like little knots. i think it might be a fungal infection.
i have a red
i have a runny nose
i have a runny nose and a sore throat. i've been coughing a lot
i have a runny nose and sneeze a lot. my eyes are itchy and watery
i have a runny nose and sneeze a lot. my eyes are sore and watery
i have a severe headache that feels like pressure in my head. i also have a mild fever and small red spots on my back.
i have a sharp pain in my stomach. i have also been vomiting a lot and feel very nauseous.
i have a silver like dusting on my skin and the skin on my arms and back is starting to peel off. this is strange and really concerning me.
i have a silver-like powder on my back and elbows. my nails are slightly dented. my joints are experiencing excruciating discomfort.
i have a silvery dusting on my skin
i have a silvery film on my skin
i have a silvery layer on my skin
i have a skin condition that causes dry
i have a skin rash that gets worse in the winter when the air is dry. i have to moisturize more regularly and use humidifiers to keep my skin moisturized. i also have joint pain.
i have a skin rash that is red and swollen. i also have a severe fever and body pain.
i have a sore on my nose that has crusted over and is hard to touch. it used to leak a yellow-rust colored fluid and it is taking a lot longer to deal with using medication.
i have a sore throat and a lot of sneezing. there are times when the skin around my eyes and my lips swell. i find that once i start
i have a sore throat and a scratchy voice every morning. my throat hurts all the time
i have a sore throat and i am sneezing all the time. sometimes my face swells up
i have a sore throat and i sneeze a lot. sometimes my eyes and lips swell up. i can't stop sneezing once i start.
i have a sore throat or hoarseness
i have a sour acidic taste in my mouth. i have frequent belching and burping. i have a feeling of pressure or fullness in my upper abdomen that last for a few hours. i have a pain in my upper abdomen that is worse when i eat.
i have a sour taste in my mouth
i have a sour taste in my mouth all the time
i have a sour taste in my mouth. i burp and belch a lot. i have a feeling of pressure or fullness in my upper belly.
i have a sour taste in my mouth. i burp and belch a lot. i have pressure or fullness in my upper abdomen.
i have a sour taste in my mouth. i burp and belch a lot. my upper abdomen feels full or pressured.
i have a stiff neck and eye issues
i have a stiff neck and muscle weakness. i have trouble moving around because of the swelling in my joints. walking is painful.
i have a stomach ache and i am feeling feverish. i also have chills and a headache.
i have a stomach ache that is worse when i bend over or lie down. i also have discomfort when i eat certain foods
i have a stomach ache that keeps me up at night. after i use the bathroom
i have a stomach pain that keeps me up at night. i get tired after using the bathroom and i don't want to eat. i worry all the time.
i have a strong smell in my urine and it is cloudy. i have been having fevers and need to urinate more often at night.
i have a strong urge to urinate frequently
i have a stuffy nose and a blocked nose. i also have stiffness and chest pain at night. i can't taste or smell anything.
i have a stuffy nose and a blocked nose. i also have stiffness and chest pain sometimes at night. i can't taste or smell anything.
i have a stuffy nose and a sore throat. i also have a cough and my chest hurts. i have lost my sense of smell and taste.
i have a stuffy nose and nasal congestion. i sometimes have a stiff neck and chest discomfort at night. i can't taste or smell anything.
i have a stuffy nose and nasal congestion. i sometimes have chest discomfort during the night. i can't smell or taste anything.
i have a tendency to burp and belch regularly. i often get chest discomfort that radiates to my arm
i have a terrible backache
i have a terrible pain in my stomach and i feel really sick. i'm also running a fever. i'm worried that i might have typhoid.
i have a tickle in my throat and i'm always tired. my skin is dry and i sometimes have swelling around my eyes.
i have asthma
i have asthma and i get wheezing and breathing problems. i also have fevers
i have asthma like symptoms like wheezing and difficulty breathing. i often get fever and have headaches. i feel tired all the time. i have a runny nose and itchy eyes.
i have back pain
i have been developing sores on my face and nose area for a few days now. i am not sure what is causing this. the sores on my face are swollen and tender to the touch
i have been experiencing a burning sensation when i urinate
i have been experiencing a lot of fatigue and a general feeling of malaise. i often feel tired and have a lack of energy
i have been experiencing a lot of headaches and my vision has been blurry. i have also been having trouble digesting my food and i feel like i have acid reflux.
i have been experiencing a lot of pain in my joints
i have been experiencing a lot of skin peeling and rashes on my arms
i have been experiencing a red
i have been experiencing a severe fever for the past 3 days. i also have a headache and pain behind my eyes. i feel very tired and exhausted. i cannot do any work.
i have been experiencing a severe headache for the past few days. it is accompanied by pain behind my eyes. i feel tired and fatigued because of which i cannot work all day. i am worried about my health.
i have been experiencing abdominal pain for a few days now. it is really painful and i have also been constipated and vomiting. i am worried about my health.
i have been experiencing back pain for a few days now. it is worse when i sit or stand for a long time. i also have rashes all over my body and a pain behind my eyes.
i have been experiencing changes in my menstrual cycle and unexpected vaginal discharge. i also have been feeling agitated and moody.
i have been experiencing cramps in my legs for a few days now. i think there might be a bruise on my calves
i have been experiencing headaches
i have been experiencing itching on my skin
i have been experiencing muscle pain and headache. the muscle pain is like a constant ache that is worse when i try to use the affected muscles. i also have small red spots developing on my face
i have been experiencing muscle pain that makes it difficult for me to move around. i have lost my apetite and feel vomiting. my legs and back pain a lot. i have been feeling very weak and tired.
i have been experiencing muscle weakness and stiffness in my neck
i have been experiencing neck pain
i have been experiencing neck pain and feeling lightheaded and unstable on my feet.
i have been experiencing pain in my legs
i have been experiencing severe joint pain and headaches for the past few days. i also have a mild fever and chills.
i have been experiencing severe joint pain and i am unable to move. i have also lost my appetite and feel weak.
i have been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. my joints have grown and it is hard for me to walk without getting stiff. walking has been extremely uncomfortable.
i have been feeling a lot of pain in my legs lately. it feels like a cramp and it is worse when i stand or walk for a long time.
i have been feeling chills and shivering
i have been feeling dizzy and lightheaded
i have been feeling fine all day
i have been feeling lightheaded and dizzy
i have been feeling nauseous
i have been feeling nauseous and have a constant urge to vomit
i have been feeling nauseous and my muscles are sore.
i have been feeling really cold
i have been feeling really sick lately. i have been vomiting
i have been feeling really sick lately. i have been vomiting and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i have also been experiencing abdominal pain. i am worried that i might have something serious.
i have been feeling really sick. my body hurts a lot and i have no appetite. i have also developed rashes on my arms and face. the back of my eyes hurt a lot.
i have been feeling really tired and i have a fever. i have a rash on my face and it is very itchy. i can't sleep because of the rash.
i have been feeling sick to my stomach and have been throwing up. my head hurts really bad and i have some red spots on my arms.
i have been feeling stiff
i have been feeling very sick for the past few days. i have been vomiting
i have been feeling very sick for the past few days. i have severe joint pain
i have been feeling very sick lately. i have been having a lot of itching
i have been feeling very sick lately. i have been having chest pain and i feel very nauseous. i also sweat a lot.
i have been feeling very sick lately. i have been having severe itching
i have been feeling very sick lately. i have been vomiting and have a high fever. i have also lost a lot of weight and my skin has become yellow. i have been feeling very tired and have been having abdominal pain.
i have been feeling very sick. i have been vomiting
i have been feeling very sick. i have been vomiting and have a high fever. my skin has become yellow and my urine is dark. i also have abdominal pain.
i have been feeling very sick. i have been vomiting and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i have also been experiencing abdominal pain.
i have been feeling very tired and fatigued in the past couple of days.
i have been feeling very tired and weak. i have no appetite. i have been having a fever and chills every night. i have also been vomiting since yesterday.
i have been getting blood in my pee. sometimes i get nauseous while peeing. this often almost coincides with me having a high temperature. i also feel like i have to pee all the time.
i have been having a fever for a few days and now i have sores near my nose. the sores are painful and i feel uncomfortable.
i have been having a fever for a few days now and it's starting to get worse. i also have a terrible stomach ache and i'm constipated.
i have been having a hard time breathing lately. i have a dry cough and i am coughing up a lot of mucus. i also have a fever and i am feeling very weak and tired.
i have been having a hard time eating lately. i have a sore throat and my nose is running.
i have been having a headache
i have been having a headache for the past few days and it is getting worse. i also have a sore neck and my vision is blurry.
i have been having a headache for the past few days. it feels like a sharp pain in my temples. i also have chest pain and dizziness.
i have been having a headache that is throbbing and is on one side of my head. it is also making me feel nauseous and lightheaded.
i have been having a high fever for the past few days. it is especially bad at night. i also have a mild headache and have been constipated and having diarrhea.
i have been having a lot of headaches
i have been having a lot of itching all over my body
i have been having a lot of pain in my back
i have been having a lot of pain in my back and neck. i also have a cough that produces phlegm and i feel weak and dizzy.
i have been having a lot of pain in my back and neck. i have also been coughing a lot and i feel weak. i have been dizzy and i have trouble standing up straight.
i have been having a lot of pain in my joints and muscles. my neck is stiff and i have a hard time moving around. i also have a lot of pain when i try to steer my car.
i have been having a lot of pain in my neck and back. i also have a dry cough and i feel weak and dizzy.
i have been having a lot of pain in my neck and back. i also have been coughing a lot and i feel weak in my arms and legs. i have also been dizzy and i have trouble balancing myself.
i have been having a lot of pain when i urinate and it burns. i also have a fever and i feel like i have to urinate all the time.
i have been having a lot of problems with my skin. it is constantly peeling and i have developed rashes on my arms. it is really itchy and it is making my life miserable.
i have been having a lot of skin problems lately. i have red
i have been having a lot of stomach pain and constipation for the past few days. i have also lost my appetite and feel very weak.
i have been having a lot of stomach pain and heartburn. i also have been feeling very tired and have no appetite.
i have been having a problem with my pee. it smells funny and sometimes it is red or black. i also have been having trouble sleeping because my body temperature keeps changing.
i have been having a really bad headache that is behind my eyes. i also have no appetite and feel really cold at night.
i have been having a stomach ache for the past week. it is not getting better even with medication. i feel like vomiting and i can't eat anything. i have become very weak.
i have been having back pain
i have been having back pain for a while now. it's been getting worse lately. i also have a cough that won't go away. i've been feeling weak in my arms and legs. my neck hurts and i've been feeling dizzy and off balance.
i have been having bloody stools for a while now
i have been having bloody stools for a while now and i feel very weak and tired. i think i might have lost a lot of blood.
i have been having constipation and diarrhea. i also have a lack of energy and appetite.
i have been having cramps in my calves when i walk or stand for a long time. i also have some very noticeable veins in my legs.
i have been having diarrhea for a few days now. i have loose
i have been having frequent headaches and blurred vision.
i have been having frequent headaches and blurred vision. i also have a stiff neck
i have been having frequent headaches that are so bad that they make me throw up. i also have blurred vision
i have been having headaches
i have been having headaches and digestive issues
i have been having headaches and migraines. i have been having difficulty sleeping. i have been having muscle twitching and tremors. sometimes i get lightheaded. i think it might be a reaction to my medication.
i have been having headaches for a long time. they are usually on one side of my head and are very painful. i also get nausea
i have been having headaches for a while now. they are very painful and last for a long time. i also get nausea
i have been having headaches for a while now. they are very painful and make me feel sick. i also have nausea
i have been having headaches that are so bad that i can't see straight. i also have nausea
i have been having high fever since past few days
i have been having intense itching all over my body. i have also been vomiting and feeling very tired. i have lost a lot of weight and have a high fever. my skin has turned yellow and my urine is dark. i have also been having abdominal pain.
i have been having loose
i have been having migraines and headaches. i can't sleep. my whole body is shaking and shivering. i feel dizzy sometimes.
i have been having pain in my bladder and have been getting up to pee a lot.
i have been having pain in my joints and i have noticed that my skin is peeling in different places. i am worried that something is wrong with me.
i have been having rashes on my skin for a while now. they are not healing and are getting worse. i have also noticed that the skin on my elbows and knees is peeling. i am worried about this and would like to see a doctor.
i have been having rashes on my skin. the rash is itchy and bleeds when i scratch it. i have also noticed small dents in my nails.
i have been having severe joint pain for a few days. i have also been vomiting and have a fever. i have been taking medication for the fever
i have been having severe muscle pain for the past few days. it feels like a constant ache. there are also red spots all over my body and the itching is really bad.
i have been having some constipation and belly pain for a few days now. the pain has been getting worse and it's really affecting my daily life. i'm also feeling really tired and weak.
i have been having to pee a lot more often than usual. sometimes it hurts when i pee and the pee is bloody and smells bad. i think i have an infection
i have been having trouble breathing for a few days. i have a fever and a lot of mucus. can you recommend some medicine?
i have been having trouble breathing for a few days. i have a high fever and i feel very tired. can you recommend some medications for me?
i have been having trouble with my muscles and joints. my neck is really tight and my muscles feel weak. i have swollen joints and it is hard to move around without becoming stiff. it is also really uncomfortable to walk.
i have been having trouble with my vision
i have been nauseous and my muscles hurt.
i have been suffering from dry cough and difficulty in breathing for a week now. i also feel weak throughout the day.
i have been taking this medication for a while and i have gained a lot of weight. i have also been craving different foods and have been eating more than i used to.
i have been urinating blood. i sometimes feel sick to my stomach when i urinate. i often feel like i have a fever.
i have been vomiting and having diarrhea for the past week. i have also lost a lot of weight and have a high fever. i have a headache and my stomach hurts.
i have been vomiting and having pelvic pain. my pee sometimes has blood in it and it sometimes smells really bad. i sometimes have trouble falling asleep because of my migraines.
i have been vomiting frequently and have lost my appetite as a result. my joints and back pain all the time.
i have blood in my urine and sometimes feel sick when i pee. i also have a high fever at night and my pee smells bad.
i have blood in my urine and sometimes get nauseous when i pee. i also have a bad smell in my urine and sometimes get high temperatures at night. i'm worried about it. can you help me?
i have blood in my urine sometimes and i feel sick to my stomach. i also get hot at night and my pee smells bad.
i have blurry vision and it's getting worse. i'm always tired and i get dizzy and lightheaded sometimes.
i have breathing problems
i have cramps in my calves and it is difficult for me to walk. i feel tired after working for some time. i think it is because i am obese.
i have cramps in my calves that are getting worse. i can't walk very far without them getting really bad.
i have cramps in my calves when i walk
i have dark purple veins on my legs. they look like they are bulging out. i also get cramps when i run or sprint.
i have developed rashes all over my body that are itchy and i have lost my appetite. i feel very tired all day and i feel like something is wrong with my body.
i have diarrhea and a severe pain in my belly. i don't want to eat anything and i have a headache.
i have difficulty breathing and shortness of breath. i cough uncontrollably and my eyes get itchy and swell up. i also get swelling on my face and other body parts.
i have difficulty swallowing food and often get a sensation of the food getting stuck in my throat. i have constant belching and bloating. there is a persitent sour taste in my mouth
i have dry
i have gained a lot of weight and am now very obese. i have different urges and different appetites. i have been taking a new medication for my depression.
i have had diarrhea for a few days now. it is very watery and smells bad. i also have a severe headache and feel like vomiting.
i have hair loss and there is a significant change in the texture of my hair. i have dry and itchy sclap and increased dandruff. my skin is also getting very dry. i think it might be because of the medication i'm taking
i have heartburn and indigestion. i frequently vomit everything i eat
i have heartburn and indigestion. i often vomit whatever i eat and have difficulty swallowing food. i have a nagging pain in my upper abdomen. i have a hard time sleeping because of the pain.
i have heartburn and indigestion. i regularly throw up everything i eat
i have heartburn and indigestion. i vomit everything i eat. food gets stuck in my throat
i have itchy
i have mild fever and get chills
i have mood swings and have trouble concentrating. my mind feels hazy and foggy at times and it gets difficult to do even regular chores. i also have a lot of thirst and i have to pee a lot.
i have no appetite and i feel like vomiting. i am also very tired. i have rashes on my skin that are really concerning me.
i have no energy
i have noticed that my legs are swollen and have dark purple veins. they are not painful but are concerning to me.
i have noticed that my skin has been dry and itchy. there are some red patches on my skin that are covered in a silver like dusting.
i have noticed that the blood vessels in my legs are getting more noticeable than usual. it is a little concerning to me. moreover
i have pain in my abdomen
i have pain in my legs that is worse when i stand or walk for long periods of time. i also have cramps and can't run for long periods of time.
i have pain in my pelvic area and i vomit a lot. sometimes there is blood in my pee and it smells really bad. i also get headaches and have trouble sleeping.
i have pain in my stomach after eating certain foods
i have pain in my stomach that is worse when i hunch down or lie down. i have pain after eating certain foods
i have pits in my nails and i am worried about what it could be. i also have rashes on my arms and back and my joints hurt.
i have prominent blood vessels on my calves that are causing me self-consciousness and embarrassment. i believe the problem is because of my overweight.
i have rashes and skin irritations especially in the folds of my skin. my cuts and bruises don't heal very quickly either.
i have rashes on my arms and neck that itch when i scratch them. i also have a fever. i don't know what is causing it. the itching is really bothering me.
i have rashes on my chest and back and i itch all over my body. i sometimes have flaky skin
i have rashes on my skin
i have rashes on my skin that are itchy and i have a fever. i don't know what's causing it.
i have rashes on my skin that flake off and make me prone to infection. my fingers twitch and i sometimes shake.
i have rashes that sometimes cause my skin to flake off. i'm more likely to get sick because of this. my hands sometimes shake and i feel shaky.
i have rashes that sometimes peel off my skin. this makes me more likely to get infections. my hands shake and i sometimes have tremors.
i have red
i have red and inflamed skin around my mouth
i have red sores on my face and near my nose. the rash is spreading quickly on my neck and chest.
i have red spots all over my body
i have red spots on my arms and legs that are really itchy. i can't sleep at night because of the itching. i also have a headache and a fever.
i have red spots on my body that are itchy and inflamed. i also have a high fever and chills.
i have slow healing of wounds and cuts. i have this tingling sensation in my hand and numbness in both my hands and feet. i also have a lot of thirst and i'm always tired.
i have small dents in my nails and they are often inflamed and tender to the touch. i also have minor rashes on my arms.
i have small lymph nodes on my arms and face that are starting to swell. i've been really miserable all day because of the constant itching and pain.
i have small red sores near my nose and neck that are painful and inflamed. i also have a high fever.
i have small red spots all over my body. i'm worried about them. i'm also very tired and have a mild fever every night.
i have some red and inflamed skin on my legs. i think i can see some of the swollen blood vessels. i'm really worried about it.
i have some veins in my legs that are bulging out. i'm concerned about it. i'm also overweight and i think that might be the cause.
i have sores on my face
i have sores on my face that are weeping clear fluid. i also have a high fever and chills every night
i have sores on my face. they are red and crusty. they are mostly around my nose and lips. they are painful and there is a yellow or rust-colored fluid coming out of them.
i have swelling in my legs and it is causing me to have difficulty fitting into my shoes. it also causes discomfort when i sit for long periods of time.
i have terrible mental clarity and find it difficult to stay focused. i regularly forget things and have problems remembering things. i also have trouble concentrating and find it difficult to pay attention.
i have these bulging veins on my legs that are very noticeable and are causing me a lot of discomforts. they are swollen and protrude from my skin
i have these cramps in my calves that are really painful. they come on suddenly and last for several minutes. they're making it hard for me to walk and do my daily activities.
i have these itchy
i have these red and bumpy spots on my skin that are itchy. they're also a different color than the rest of my skin. i've had some bumps that are kind of like little lumps.
i have thick
i have to constantly go to the bathroom to pee
i have to go to the bathroom a lot
i have to go to the bathroom all the time
i have to urinate a lot
i have trouble breathing
i have trouble breathing and get short of breath. i have a dry
i have trouble breathing and i get out of breath easily. my eyes hurt and i have a dry
i have trouble breathing when i exercise. i sweat a lot and get hot easily. i get yeast infections a lot.
i have trouble focusing and remembering things. i feel like i have brain fog.
i have trouble swallowing
i have trouble swallowing food and it feels like food is getting stuck in my throat. i also feel bloated and belch a lot. i have a bad aftertaste every time i eat.
i have trouble swallowing food because my throat feels like it's closing up and i have a bad taste in my mouth.
i have varicose veins in my legs.
i have varicose veins in my legs. they are swollen and painful.
i have varicose veins in my legs. they are swollen and the blood vessels are more visible than usual. the swelling seems to be getting worse over time.
i have varicose veins on my legs and they are very noticeable. they are also uncomfortable and i get cramps when i run.
i have varicose veins on my legs. they are swollen and protrude from my skin. they are very uncomfortable.
i have varicose veins on my legs. they are swollen and protruding from my skin. they are painful and noticeable.
i just cannot stop.
i often feel the need to urinate and have intense urges to do so. i also feel dizzy and confused
i often have a burning sensation in my throat
i only pass a little bit of urine. it also hurts when i pee
i sometimes cough up phlegm that's a little bloody.
i sometimes have blood in my urine and i feel a little sick. i also sometimes have really bad smelling pee and i get really hot at night.
i suddenly felt a headache
i was driving home from work and suddenly felt a headache
i was in the middle of a workout when i suddenly felt lightheaded and dizzy. i also had a headache and chest pain. i've been having trouble balancing myself since then.
i was walking and suddenly felt a headache
i was working out and suddenly felt a headache
i'm always exhausted and i feel like i have a tickle in my throat. my skin is dry and my eyes sometimes swell up.
i'm always tired
i'm burning up
i'm dizzy
i'm experiencing a high fever
i'm experiencing extreme body pain
i'm feeling really hot. i can't breathe well. i'm sweating a lot. i'm shaking. i'm really tired. my heart is beating fast. i have some brown stuff coming up when i cough.
i'm feeling really sick. i have a fever
i'm feeling really weak. i've been having a lot of stomach pain and constipation
i'm feeling sick
i'm having a really bad stomach ache and diarrhea. i also have a fever and a headache. the last few days have been really unpleasant.
i'm having trouble breathing
i'm having trouble breathing and i feel like i'm drowning. i'm coughing up a lot of phlegm and my chest hurts. i'm also sweating a lot and my heart is racing.
i'm having trouble breathing and i feel like i'm getting out of breath easily. my face and chest are swollen
i'm having trouble breathing and i feel really uncomfortable. i'm sweating a lot and my throat is full of phlegm. my chest hurts and my heart is racing. the mucus i'm coughing up is brown.
i'm having trouble breathing and i feel really uncomfortable. i'm sweating a lot and my throat is really sore. my chest hurts and my heart is beating fast. i'm coughing up a lot of mucus and it's brown.
i'm having trouble breathing and i'm really uncomfortable. i'm sweating a lot and my throat is full of mucus. my chest hurts and my heart is racing. i'm coughing up dark mucus.
i'm having trouble breathing and i'm really uncomfortable. my throat is full of phlegm and i'm sweating a lot. my heart is racing and my chest hurts. i'm coughing up red mucus.
i'm having trouble breathing and i'm sweating a lot. i feel really sick and i have a lot of mucus in my throat. my chest hurts and my heart is racing. i'm coughing up a lot of dark mucus that looks like rust.
i'm having trouble breathing and i'm sweating a lot. i feel really sick and my throat is full of phlegm. my chest hurts and my heart is racing. i'm coughing up a lot of mucus and it's red in color.
i'm having trouble breathing and i'm sweating a lot. i feel really sick and my throat is full of phlegm. my chest hurts and my heart is racing. i'm coughing up a lot of mucus that's brown and stringy.
i'm having trouble breathing and i'm sweating a lot. i have a lot of mucous in my throat and i feel sick. my chest hurts and my heart is racing. i'm coughing up red mucus.
i'm having trouble breathing. i'm coughing up a lot of mucus. my chest hurts. i'm sweating a lot. i feel really sick.
i'm having trouble breathing. i'm sweating a lot and i don't feel well. my chest hurts and i have a lot of mucus in my throat. i'm coughing up phlegm that's a weird color.
i'm having trouble concentrating and my emotions are all over the place. my mind feels cloudy and foggy at times
i'm having trouble eating
i'm having trouble sleeping because of stomach pain. i'm also tired after using the bathroom and i don't have much of an appetite. i'm feeling pretty anxious all the time.
i'm losing hair
i'm not interested in sex anymore
i'm really sick. i have a fever
i'm really tired and weak. i can barely keep my eyes open. i have a fever and i don't feel like eating anything. i think i've lost my appetite.
i'm running a fever and i have a rash on my face
i'm shaking and trembling all over. i've lost my sense of taste and smell
i'm shedding hair
i'm sneezing and my nose is running. i feel exhausted and my head hurts. i have a fever.
i'm sweating
i'm sweating a lot and can't catch my breath. i feel really sick
i'm sweating a lot and can't catch my breath. my throat is full of phlegm and i feel awful. my heart is racing and my chest hurts. i'm coughing up brown stuff.
i'm sweating and can't catch my breath. my throat is full of phlegm and i feel terrible. my heart is racing and my chest hurts. i'm coughing up stringy
i'm tired and my neck feels swollen. my eyes are bloodshot and my throat is scratchy. my nose is stuffed up and my face feels like it's under pressure. i can't smell anything and my chest hurts.
i've been coughing a lot
i've been coughing a lot and feeling really cold and tired. i have a fever
i've been coughing a lot and having trouble breathing. my throat hurts and i feel like i have a lot of phlegm in my chest. my nose has been running a lot and i feel really stuffy.
i've been coughing a lot and i can't seem to get rid of it. i'm also short of breath and i've been coughing up a lot of thick
i've been coughing a lot and i'm freezing. my nose is stuffed up and my face hurts. i've also been coughing up some nasty stuff
i've been coughing a lot and i'm really tired. i've been coughing up a lot of thick mucus and my fever is pretty high.
i've been coughing a lot for a few days now. it's been hard for me to catch my breath
i've been coughing a lot recently
i've been coughing and sneezing for days. my nose is stuffy
i've been coughing for days. my nose is stuffy
i've been coughing up phlegm and my back hurts. i also feel weak and disoriented
i've been drinking a lot more water and going to the bathroom a lot more often. my mouth and throat are always dry. i've been really hungry and eating a lot more lately.
i've been drinking a lot more water and going to the bathroom more often. my mouth and throat are always dry. i've also been hungrier than usual.
i've been drinking a lot more water and going to the bathroom more often. my mouth and throat are always dry. i've been really hungry lately.
i've been drinking a lot more water and urinating more often lately. my mouth and throat are always dry. i've also been hungrier than usual.
i've been experiencing a high fever
i've been experiencing a lot of headaches
i've been experiencing a lot of itching
i've been experiencing a lot of pain in my joints
i've been experiencing constipation and diarrhea. i also have a lack of appetite and energy.
i've been experiencing joint pain and skin peeling. i'm worried about what's going on with my body.
i've been experiencing muscular weakness and stiffness in my neck recently. my joints have swollen
i've been experiencing neck pain
i've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. i've also been having trouble running and walking because of the stiffness in my joints.
i've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. my joints have grown
i've been experiencing stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles recently. my joints have grown stiff and it's hard for me to run without getting stiff. walking is also very uncomfortable.
i've been experiencing stiffness in my neck
i've been experiencing stiffness in my neck and my joints have swollen. i've also been experiencing pain when i walk.
i've been feeling dizzy and anxious
i've been feeling dizzy and lightheaded
i've been feeling feverish and chilly for a few days. i've also been sweating a lot and have a headache. my muscles are aching and i'm feeling nauseous.
i've been feeling lightheaded and dizzy
i've been feeling really bad
i've been feeling really cold
i've been feeling really cold and shivery. my back and eyes hurt a lot. i've also noticed some red spots on my back and neck.
i've been feeling really dizzy and disoriented lately
i've been feeling really down lately and my urine smells really bad. i can't seem to hold my urine in and my kidneys hurt. i've also been craving things i don't normally like.
i've been feeling really grumpy and gloomy lately
i've been feeling really hot and sweaty
i've been feeling really itchy
i've been feeling really itchy all over my body
i've been feeling really itchy and sick to my stomach. i've lost a lot of weight and i'm exhausted. my skin is yellow and i have a fever. my urine is dark and i've been having stomach pain.
i've been feeling really itchy lately
i've been feeling really run down and achy
i've been feeling really run down and feeble. my throat hurts
i've been feeling really run down and sick. i've been sneezing a lot and i can't seem to get warm. my head hurts and i feel like i have a fever.
i've been feeling really run down and weak. my throat is really sore and i've been coughing a lot. i've also been feeling really cold and have a fever.
i've been feeling really run down and weak. my throat is sore and i've been coughing a lot. i've also been having chills and a fever.
i've been feeling really run down lately
i've been feeling really run down lately. i've been having a lot of trouble breathing and my nose is constantly running. i also have a lot of throat mucus and my lymph nodes are inflamed.
i've been feeling really run down lately. i've had a cough that just won't go away
i've been feeling really run down lately. my sinuses are stuffy and my eyes are red. my throat is scratchy and i've been coughing up a lot of phlegm. i also have some swollen lymph nodes.
i've been feeling really scratchy
i've been feeling really sick and i have a rash all over my body. i'm worried about what it could be.
i've been feeling really sick and tired. i've lost weight and have a fever. my urine is dark and my skin is yellow. i also have stomach pain.
i've been feeling really sick and tired. i've lost weight and have a fever. my urine is dark and my skin is yellow. i've also been having stomach pain.
i've been feeling really sick for the past few days. i have a fever
i've been feeling really sick for the past few days. i have a high fever
i've been feeling really sick for the past few days. i've had a high fever
i've been feeling really sick lately. i have a fever
i've been feeling really sick lately. i have a high fever
i've been feeling really sick lately. i've been coughing a lot
i've been feeling really sick lately. i've been having a high fever
i've been feeling really sick lately. i've been having a lot of nausea and i feel really uneasy. i've also noticed some rashes on my arms and legs. i've lost my appetite and i feel exhausted every day.
i've been feeling really sick lately. i've been sneezing a lot and my nose is running. my throat is also really scratchy and i've been feeling really tired.
i've been feeling really sick lately. i've been throwing up and i'm itchy all over. i've also lost a lot of weight and i'm really exhausted. my skin has turned yellow and i have a fever. my stomach has been hurting too.
i've been feeling really sick lately. i've got a runny nose
i've been feeling really sick lately. i've had a cough
i've been feeling really sick lately. i've had a fever
i've been feeling really sick lately. i've lost my appetite and have noticed a significant weight loss. i have abdominal pain
i've been feeling really sick lately. my eyes are red and watery
i've been feeling really sick. i have a fever
i've been feeling really sick. i have a high fever
i've been feeling really sick. i have a runny nose and a lot of congestion. i've been coughing a lot and i have a lot of chest pain. my fever is really high and i've been feeling really achy.
i've been feeling really sick. i've been scratching a lot
i've been feeling really sick. i've had a fever
i've been feeling really sick. i've lost weight
i've been feeling really thirsty and hungry lately. i also feel really tired sometimes.
i've been feeling really thirsty and hungry lately. i also get really tired sometimes.
i've been feeling really thirsty and hungry lately. i've also been feeling really tired.
i've been feeling really tired and achy
i've been feeling really tired and nauseous. i've had a really bad cough and my throat has been sore. i've had a lot of pressure in my sinuses and my nose is stuffy. i'm feeling really yucky and exhausted.
i've been feeling really tired and sick to my stomach. i've also been losing weight and have a fever. my urine is dark and my skin has turned yellow. i've also been having stomach pain.
i've been feeling really tired and sick to my stomach. i've also been losing weight and have a fever. my urine is really dark and my skin is yellow. i've also been having stomach pains.
i've been feeling really tired and sick. i've had a bad cough and sore throat. i've been shivering and have a fever. i just feel really run down.
i've been feeling really tired and sick. my nose is running and i'm sneezing a lot. my head hurts and i feel like i have no energy. i also have a fever and feel like i'm burning up.
i've been feeling really tired and sick. my throat is really sore and i've been coughing a lot. my nose is really stuffy and i have a lot of pressure in my sinuses. i feel really miserable and exhausted.
i've been feeling really tired and weak
i've been feeling really tired and weak for a few days now. i also have a fever and a pain in my stomach. i don't know what's wrong with me.
i've been feeling really tired and weak. i can barely get out of bed in the morning
i've been feeling really tired lately
i've been feeling really tired lately and i have a cough that won't go away. my fever is really high and my breathing has become shallow. i've also been coughing up a lot of mucous
i've been feeling really tired lately. i've also been losing weight
i've been feeling really unwell and have been scratching a lot. i have a high fever
i've been feeling really unwell recently. i've had a high temperature
i've been feeling really unwell. i have a headache
i've been feeling really unwell. i have a high fever
i've been feeling really weak and cold lately
i've been feeling really weak and my neck has been stiff. my joints are swollen and it's hard to move around. walking is really painful.
i've been feeling really weak in my muscles and my neck has been really stiff. my joints have been swelling up and it's hard for me to move around without feeling stiff. walking has been really painful too.
i've been feeling really weak in my muscles lately and my neck has been really stiff. my joints are swollen and it's hard for me to move around. walking is also hard.
i've been feeling sick and feel like i'm going to throw up. there's a sharp pain behind my eyes
i've been feeling sick for a few days. i have a sore throat and my nose is running. i've also been having trouble swallowing.
i've been feeling unwell for a while now. i have a headache
i've been feeling very sick. i have a high fever
i've been feeling very thirsty lately
i've been feeling weak and achy lately
i've been having a dry cough
i've been having a dry cough for a week
i've been having a fever
i've been having a fever for a few days
i've been having a fever for a few days and i have sores around my nose and rashes on my body. the sores are really bad and i'm feeling really sick.
i've been having a fever for a few days now
i've been having a hard time breathing
i've been having a hard time breathing lately. i feel like i can't get enough air
i've been having a hard time breathing. i've been coughing a lot and i'm coughing up a lot of thick
i've been having a hard time eating and swallowing. my nose is running and my throat hurts.
i've been having a hard time going to the bathroom
i've been having a hard time peeing. it hurts when i go
i've been having a headache
i've been having a headache all day
i've been having a headache and chest pain all day
i've been having a headache and chest pain. i've also been feeling dizzy and unstable. i'm also having problems focusing.
i've been having a headache that feels like a tight band around my head
i've been having a high fever
i've been having a lot of back pain
i've been having a lot of headaches and dizziness lately. i also feel like i'm not able to focus as well as i used to.
i've been having a lot of headaches lately
i've been having a lot of itching
i've been having a lot of itching and rashes on my skin. there are also some strange patches of skin that are a different color than the rest of me
i've been having a lot of itching on my skin
i've been having a lot of joint pain
i've been having a lot of pain in my joints
i've been having a lot of pain in my joints and my neck has been really tight. it's hard for me to move around without getting stiff and it's really painful to walk.
i've been having a lot of pain in my joints lately. my neck has been really stiff and it's hard for me to move it around. my joints have been swelling up and it's hard for me to move around without feeling stiff. walking has been really painful too.
i've been having a lot of pain in my lower abdomen
i've been having a lot of pain in my lower abdomen. it feels like it may explode when i urinate. i've also been feeling weak and my body temperature has been low.
i've been having a lot of pain in my neck and back
i've been having a lot of pain in my neck and back. i also feel dizzy and weak.
i've been having a lot of pain in my stomach and i've been feeling really bloated and constipated. i've also been having a fever and chills.
i've been having a lot of stomach pain and bloating
i've been having a lot of trouble breathing
i've been having a lot of trouble breathing lately
i've been having a lot of trouble breathing lately. i've been coughing up a lot of phlegm and my chest feels tight. i'm also feeling really tired and weak.
i've been having a lot of trouble sleeping because of the high fever
i've been having a lot of trouble urinating. i feel like i have to go all the time
i've been having a lot of trouble with my neck. it's been hurting
i've been having a really high fever
i've been having a runny nose and a sore throat for a few days now. i also feel like i have a fever and my body aches.
i've been having a runny nose and sneezing for a few days. my eyes are also red and irritated. i've been coughing a lot
i've been having a scratchy throat and i'm feeling exhausted. my skin is also feeling dry and i sometimes get eye inflammation.
i've been having a strange odor in my urine
i've been having a terrible cough
i've been having back pain
i've been having blood in my urine. i also feel like i'm almost feverish and sometimes get nauseous when i urinate.
i've been having blood in my urine. i also feel sick after i pee
i've been having bloody stools for a while now and i'm also feeling weak and tired. i think i might have anaemia.
i've been having chest pains
i've been having chills
i've been having constipation and belly pain for a few days now. the belly pain has been getting worse and is starting to affect my daily life. i also get chills every night
i've been having coughing fits
i've been having diarrhea for a few days now. it's really uncomfortable and it comes and goes. i also have stomach aches and vomiting.
i've been having diarrhea for the past few days. it's been really bad
i've been having eyesight problems
i've been having frequent headaches
i've been having frequent urges to urinate
i've been having headaches
i've been having headaches and blurry vision
i've been having headaches and chest pain for a few days now
i've been having headaches and chest pain for a while now
i've been having headaches and chest pains
i've been having headaches and migraines
i've been having headaches and my vision has been blurry.
i've been having joint pain in my fingers
i've been having migraines and headaches
i've been having mood swings and my monthly cycle has changed. i've also had some unexpected vaginal discharge.
i've been having neck pain
i've been having pain in my calves for a while now. it's worse when i stand or walk for long periods of time. my legs have also started to swell and i can see some blood vessels that are quite noticeable.
i've been having pain in my neck
i've been having periodic coughing fits
i've been having problems with my vision. i've been seeing things as distorted and my eyesight has been blurry.
i've been having really bad nausea and my chest hurts. i've been really nervous and i shiver a lot.
i've been having recurrent headaches and blurred vision. i also have acid reflux and trouble digesting my food.
i've been having stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles lately. my joints have gotten stiff
i've been having stiffness and weakness in my neck muscles. my joints are stiff and it's hard to move them. walking is also painful.
i've been having swelling in my legs for a few weeks now. it's gotten worse
i've been having terrible itching and nausea. i've lost weight and am really exhausted. my skin is yellow and i have a fever. my urine is dark and i have stomach pain.
i've been having terrible stomach pains and i've been vomiting and constipated. i'm worried about my health.
i've been having these red rashes that keep popping up and my skin is constantly itching. i've also noticed some odd color-different spots on my skin
i've been having to go to the toilet a lot more frequently than normal
i've been having to pee a lot
i've been having trouble breathing
i've been having trouble breathing and i've been coughing up a lot of mucus. i've also been feeling really tired.
i've been having trouble breathing for a few weeks now. it's especially bad when i try to exercise or when i'm around smoke or other irritants. i also have a persistent cough and i'm always tired.
i've been having trouble concentrating and focusing
i've been having trouble concentrating and focusing. i've also been experiencing balance issues
i've been having trouble healing from my wound. my hands and feet have been tingling and going numb. i've also been feeling very weak.
i've been having trouble seeing things clearly
i've been having trouble seeing things clearly and they look distorted.
i've been having trouble sleeping because of the rash that itches and hurts. my nails have little dents in them
i've been having trouble sleeping because of the rash. it's itchy and painful. i've also noticed that my nails have little dents in them
i've been having trouble swallowing
i've been having trouble with my balance
i've been having trouble with my neck. it's been hurting
i've been having visual disruptions
i've been itching a lot
i've been itching a lot recently
i've been losing weight
i've been losing weight and can't seem to gain it back. i use antacids to help with the pain and discomfort i feel. my mouth feels terrible.
i've been losing weight and feeling really tired. my skin has turned yellow
i've been losing weight and feeling sick to my stomach. my skin is yellow
i've been quite itchy recently
i've been really itchy lately and there are these rashy spots all over my skin. there are also some areas that don't look like the normal color of my skin
i've been really itchy lately and there are these rashy spots all over my skin. there are also some areas that look different in shade than the rest of my skin
i've been scratching myself a lot lately
i've been shivering and shivering and i feel cold. my fever is really high. i have rashes on my arms and red patches on my neck.
i've been sneezing a lot
i've been sneezing a lot and i'm really tired. my throat hurts and i have a lot of mucus in my nose and throat. my neck is also swollen and puffy.
i've been sneezing a lot and my nose is running. i'm also really tired and my head hurts. i think i have a fever too.
i've been sneezing and coughing for a few days now. i'm also feeling really tired and weak. my fever is pretty high.
i've been throwing up and having stomach pain. i've also lost weight and am really exhausted. i have a high fever and yellow skin.
i've been vomiting and having diarrhea for a few days
i've been vomiting and having diarrhea for a few days. i'm also having a hard time keeping down liquids. i have a fever
i've been vomiting and having diarrhea for a few days. i've also been having a fever
i've been vomiting for a few days now and i've been feeling really sick. i have stomach pains and dizziness
i've been vomiting for the past few days and i have stomach cramps. i feel dizzy and weak. i also have a pain behind my eyes.
i've gained a lot of weight and am currently quite fat. i have many inclinations and cravings. i've been taking a new medication for my diabetes.
i've had a bad cold for a few days. i've been coughing up phlegm and my chest hurts. i can't smell anything and my muscles are sore.
i've had a change in my bowel movements. they've been both constipated and diarrheal. i have no energy
i've had a fever for a few days
i've had a fever for the past four days
i've had a headache for the past week. it's been getting worse. i've also had belly aches
i've had a high fever
i've had low temps and blood in my urine for the past three days. my pee smells terrible
i've had severe stomach pain and constipation for the last few days. i also get a headache and chills every night.
i've had this cough for days
i've had this rash on my arms
i've lost a lot of blood and iron because of my bloody stools
i've noticed a change in my monthly cycle and an unexpected vaginal discharge. i get irritable every now and again
i've noticed a sudden peeling of skin on my arms
i've noticed that my skin is more sensitive now than it used to be. it's red and itchy. i have silvery scales on my back and elbows.
i've noticed that the sores on my face are taking a long time to heal and are more likely to get infected. the sores on my cheeks are big
ice and over-the-counter pain relievers don't ease your shin pain.
if a baby is born with pulmonary atresia
if a tumor presses on nerves or muscles
if any
if asleep severe hypoglycemia may cause: unresponsiveness (loss of consciousness) seizures
if at all
if at all. if you choose to drink alcohol
if at all. others may experience symptoms that are debilitating or life-threatening. avm avm symptoms usually develop when people are in their 20s
if blood sugar levels become too low
if doable
if fluid builds up around the lining of the heart shortness of breath
if fluid builds up around the lining of the heart signs and symptoms of kidney disease are often nonspecific. this means they can also be caused by other illnesses. because your kidneys are able to make up for lost function
if fluid builds up in the lungs chest pain
if fluid builds up in the lungs swelling of feet and ankles high blood pressure (hypertension) that's difficult to control headaches difficulty sleeping decreased mental sharpness muscle twitches and cramps persistent itching metallic taste signs and symptoms of kidney disease are often nonspecific
if necessary
if not treated
if pregnancy occurs
if the abscess ruptures
if the cancer is in the head or neck area
if the cancer presses on the spinal cord causes it's not clear what causes chondrosarcoma. doctors know that cancer begins when a cell develops changes (mutations) in its dna. a cell's dna contains the instructions that tell it what to do. the instructions tell the cell to multiply quickly and to continue living when healthy cells would die. the accumulating cells form a tumor that can grow to invade and destroy normal body tissue. in time
if the infection isn't treated
if the overgrowth of the papillae is excessive
if they're severe
if you can do so safely
if you have a broken ankle
if you have a broken foot
if you have a small
if you have an incompetent cervix
if you have an overactive bladder
if you have any concerns about the development of the genitals or if a testicle is “missing” — an undescended or retractile testicle
if you have bursitis
if you have new problems with having orgasms situational
if you have painful intercourse
if you have problems with orgasm in any situation women who don't always reach orgasm during sexual encounters may not find it distressing. in that case
if you have problems with orgasm only in certain situations
if you have pubic lice (crabs)
if you have rectal prolapse
if you have shin splints
if you have significant prolapse
if you have stress incontinence
if you or someone you're with may be having a stroke
if you or your child is at risk of fap because of a family member with the condition
if you stand up too soon after fainting — within about 15 to 30 minutes — you're at risk of fainting again.
if you want to have sex less often than your partner does
if you're allergic to latex
if you're not producing enough saliva
if you've inhaled the smoke from burning poison ivy poison ivy rash often appears in a straight line because of the way the plant brushes against your skin. but if you develop a rash after touching a piece of clothing or pet fur that has urushiol on it
if you've never had an orgasm acquired
if you've torn your meniscus
if your child has clubfoot
if your child has problems with learning and behavior
iga nephropathy usually doesn't cause symptoms in the early stages
illness caused by group b strep can be within six hours of birth (early onset) — or weeks or months after birth (late onset). signs and symptoms might include: fever low body temperature difficulty feeding sluggishness
immovable muscles (muscle rigidity) in your jaw tension of muscles around your lips
impacted wisdom teeth don't always cause symptoms. however
impaired growth
impatience
impatient
impatient or angry.
impatient or angry. avoidance of social activities. feelings of guilt and worries over the past. poor appetite or overeating. sleep problems. hopelessness. in children
impulsive
impulsive behavior and inflated self-esteem bipolar disorder
impulsiveness and restlessness. symptoms can range from mild to severe. adhd adhd many adults with adhd aren't aware they have it — they just know that everyday tasks can be a challenge. adults with adhd may find it difficult to focus and prioritize
impulsivity and aggression. the second form of cte is thought to cause symptoms later in life
in and around one ear facial weakness or paralysis on the same side as the affected ear usually
in babies milk allergy or milk intolerance? a true milk allergy differs from milk protein intolerance and lactose intolerance. unlike milk allergy
in children
in children vomiting abdominal pain difficulty swallowing
in constant motion run around or climb in situations when it's not appropriate have trouble playing or doing an activity quietly talk too much blurt out answers
in crohn's disease
in different parts of your body back pain is a common early symptom of spinal tumors. pain may also spread beyond your back to your hips
in hypospadias
in infants difficulty eating
in internal organs
in its early stages
in most cases
in most cases laryngitis symptoms last less than a couple of weeks and are caused by something minor
in most people
in otherwise normal skin or in an existing mole that becomes cancerous. melanoma most often appears on the face or the trunk of affected men. in women
in response to action-filled or violent dreams
in small amounts rapid pulse unconsciousness
in some instances
in some people
in the early stages of diabetic nephropathy
in the face (moon face)
in the months or years leading up to menopause (perimenopause)
in the pubic area or in the anal canal. close close close male genital warts male genital warts genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
in the pubic area or in the anal canal. close male genital warts male genital warts genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
in the pubic area or in the anal canal. genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
in the pubic area or in the anal canal. in most cases
in the pubic area or in the anal canal. in women
in the pubic area or in the anal canal. male genital warts genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
in the pubic area or in the anal canal. male genital warts open pop-up dialog box male genital warts open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close male genital warts male genital warts genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
in the trunk or face. this overgrowth of bone and tissue creates a larger and longer extremity. rarely
in the u.s.
in the whites of the eyes or inside the mouth
in which breathing starts and stops during the night. or they may act out their dreams
in which paralysis starts in the eyes. mfs is also associated with unsteady gait. mfs is less common in the u.s. but more common in asia. acute motor axonal neuropathy (aman) and acute motor-sensory axonal neuropathy (amsan) are less common in the u.s. but aman and amsan are more frequent in china
in which the fingertips spread out and become rounder than normal broken blood vessels under the skin (spider angioma) bluish tinge of the lips and skin (cyanosis) causes hepatopulmonary syndrome is caused when blood vessels in and around the lungs widen (dilate)
in which the fingertips spread out and become rounder than usual. for women
in which the tube to expel urine (urethra) doesn't fully develop. bladder exstrophy. this defect causes the bladder to form on the outside of the body. the bladder is also turned inside out. usually
inability to conceive a child without fertility treatment
inability to maintain your trunk posture
inappropriate or bizarre posture
inappropriate or suspicious response to others "magical thinking" — believing you can influence people and events with your thoughts belief that certain casual incidents or events have hidden messages meant only for you cluster b personality disorders cluster b personality disorders are characterized by dramatic
include: a fuller soft spot (fontanel) on the skull in babies seizures
include: fatigue lump or area of thickening that can be felt under the skin weight changes
include: fever loss of appetite headache tiredness and a general feeling of being unwell (malaise) once the chickenpox rash appears
include: moderate fever chills headache muscles aches or pains general feeling of being unwell joint pain nausea vomiting diarrhea loss of appetite additional signs and symptoms associated with ehrlichiosis but rarely with anaplasmosis include: confusion or changes in mental state rash some people may be infected and not develop symptoms.
including a swollen throat or a lump in your throat that makes it difficult to breathe abdominal pain and cramping rapid pulse shock
including a swollen throat that makes it difficult to breathe facial flushing itching shock
including a tuft of hair
including abdominal pain
including acid reflux and indigestion
including allergies to foods and insect stings
including an increase in low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol — the "bad" cholesterol — which contributes to an increased risk of heart disease. at the same time
including any of these signs: fails to respond to his or her name or appears not to hear you at times resists cuddling and holding
including any of these signs: performs repetitive movements
including attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd)
including blinking
including burning eyes
including changes in menstruation can vary among women. most likely
including chronic and disseminated coccidioidomycosis. acute coccidioidomycosis (valley fever) the initial
including cleanliness and physical appearance
including coma. in infants and young children
including constipation and urinary incontinence mental health conditions
including criminal behavior. being hostile
including crohn's disease
including diarrhea or constipation or a change in the consistency of your stool rectal bleeding or blood in your stool persistent abdominal discomfort
including disruptions of the normal sleep cycle and a condition in which breathing pauses during sleep (sleep apnea). these disorders can result in excessive daytime sleepiness and worsen behavior problems. other signs and symptoms. these may include small hands and feet
including drooping eyelids and unequal pupil size other signs and symptoms that may indicate neuroblastoma include: lumps of tissue under the skin eyeballs that seem to protrude from the sockets (proptosis) dark circles
including eating or sleeping patterns doing risky or self-destructive things
including fingers or toes a feeling of heaviness or tightness restricted range of motion recurring infections hardening and thickening of the skin (fibrosis) signs and symptoms can range from mild to severe. lymphedema caused by cancer treatment may not occur until months or years after treatment.
including hallucinations
including heart
including hives and itching and flushed or pale skin difficulty breathing swelling of the throat and tongue a weak
including hives and itching and flushed or pale skin low blood pressure (hypotension) constriction of the airways and a swollen tongue or throat
including indigestion and acidity.
including inside your mouth
including insomnia or sleeping too much tiredness and lack of energy
including long-term harmful effects. because ghb and flunitrazepam can cause sedation
including loss of pink color in cheeks and inside the lower eyelids extreme fatigue shortness of breath easy bruising or unexplained bruises unusual bleeding
including lupus and a type of cancer called lymphoma.
including masturbation never or only seldom having sexual fantasies or thoughts being concerned by your lack of sexual activity or fantasies
including migraines; dementia and seizures are possible when a blood clot blocks blood flow to parts of the brain. cardiovascular disease. antiphospholipid syndrome can damage heart valves. low blood platelet counts (thrombocytopenia). this decrease in blood cells needed for clotting can cause episodes of bleeding
including minor
including mouth sores and a rash on the soles of the feet and palms of the hands. low back pain. the pain tends to be worse at night or in the morning.
including mrsa
including muscles in your face
including my chest and abdomen. i am also facing skin peeling.
including my chest and belly. it is worse at night.
including no crawling or babbling at 6 to 12 months intellectual disability no speech or minimal speech difficulty walking
including not remembering important aspects of the traumatic event difficulty maintaining close relationships feeling detached from family and friends lack of interest in activities you once enjoyed difficulty experiencing positive emotions feeling emotionally numb changes in physical and emotional reactions changes in physical and emotional reactions symptoms of changes in physical and emotional reactions (also called arousal symptoms) may include: being easily startled or frightened always being on guard for danger self-destructive behavior
including numbness and tingling in the feet and hands
including obvious differences in voice
including oral
including pink
including pneumonia
including poor growth
including problems achieving or maintaining an erection (erectile dysfunction) or ejaculation problems. in women
including profanities
including putting in a tampon deep pain during thrusting burning pain or aching pain throbbing pain
including reading aloud slow and labor-intensive reading and writing problems spelling avoiding activities that involve reading mispronouncing names or words
including small eyes
including sparse or missing eyelashes or eyebrows preference for specific types of hair
including speaking
including spina bifida. children born with protruding abdominal organs probably also have cloacal exstrophy or bladder exstrophy.
including sudden vision problems
including sweating
including temporary loss of vision
including the cheek
including the facial bones
including the heart. a mild form of legionnaires' disease — known as pontiac fever — can produce fever
including the labia majora
including the mouth
including the scalp
including the thumb. more than one finger may be affected at a time
including the: legs chest armpits beard or mustache eyelashes or eyebrows
including those that affect the colon
including those with darker complexions. when melanoma occurs in people with dark skin tones
including tiredness
including turning over
including unintended loss or gain skin changes
including unstable emotions and substance misuse each form of metachromatic leukodystrophy occurs at a different age and can have different initial signs and symptoms and rates of progression: late infantile form. this is the most common form of metachromatic leukodystrophy
including vomiting a green or brown substance constipation or gas
including your mouth
including your overall health and the number of fungus spores you inhale. chronic coccidioidomycosis if the initial coccidioidomycosis infection doesn't completely resolve
including your scalp
including: an increased risk of other cancers. people who have small bowel cancer run a higher risk of having other types of cancers
including: anemia
including: avm severe headache weakness
including: blood in your urine
including: blurred vision lightheadedness pounding heartbeats (palpitations) weakness fainting occurs when the heart temporarily beats in an unorganized way. you might faint when you're excited
including: breathlessness with activity or even at rest swelling of the legs
including: broca's aphasia wernicke aphasia transcortical aphasia conduction aphasia mixed aphasia global aphasia these patterns describe how well the person can understand what others say. they also describe how easy it is for the person to speak or to correctly repeat what someone else says. aphasia may develop slowly over time. when that happens
including: buzzing roaring clicking hissing humming most people who have tinnitus have subjective tinnitus
including: chin toward shoulder ear toward shoulder chin straight up chin straight down the most common type of twisting associated with cervical dystonia is when your chin is pulled toward your shoulder. some people experience a combination of abnormal head postures. a jerking motion of the head also may occur. many people who have cervical dystonia also experience neck pain that can radiate into the shoulders. the disorder can also cause headaches. in some people
including: clogged arteries (atherosclerosis) high blood pressure wear and tear of the popliteal artery due to repetitive use of the knee joint weakening of the artery wall risk factors popliteal artery aneurysms are rare. they are more common in men than in women. popiteal artery aneurysms often occur in men with abdominal aortic aneurysm (aaa)
including: cmv fatigue fever sore throat muscle aches
including: constipation mood changes
including: constriction and tightening of the airways a swollen throat or the sensation of a lump in your throat that makes it difficult to breathe shock with a severe drop in blood pressure rapid pulse dizziness
including: digestive system. if your stomach or intestines are affected
including: fever cough tiredness shortness of breath headache chills night sweats joint aches and muscle soreness red
including: fever. swollen lymph nodes that may last for weeks. headache. muscle aches. skin rash. symptoms of eye disease the toxoplasma parasites may infect tissues of the inner eye. this can occur in people with healthy immune systems. but the disease is more serious in people with weakened immunity. an infection in the eye is called ocular toxoplasmosis. symptoms may include: eye pain. poor vision. floaters
including: inflammation of skin
including: intense pain extreme sensitivity to touch tingling or pricking sensations muscles spasms or twitching muscles weakness progressing to a limp paralysis any combination of limbs may experience paralysis. but paralysis of one leg is most common
including: interacting with unfamiliar people or strangers attending parties or social gatherings going to work or school starting conversations making eye contact dating entering a room in which people are already seated returning items to a store eating in front of others using a public restroom social anxiety disorder symptoms can change over time. they may flare up if you're facing a lot of changes
including: losing weight without trying. fast heartbeat
including: loss of the ability to detect sensations
including: mild fever fatigue a general feeling of not being well (malaise) loss of appetite unintended weight loss depression
including: nausea and vomiting chronic diarrhea swollen belly constipation gas pale
including: persistent cough shortness of breath wheezing after spending 10 to 14 days in the lungs
including: reading well below the expected level for age problems processing and understanding what is heard difficulty finding the right word or forming answers to questions problems remembering the sequence of things difficulty seeing (and occasionally hearing) similarities and differences in letters and words inability to sound out the pronunciation of an unfamiliar word difficulty spelling spending an unusually long time completing tasks that involve reading or writing avoiding activities that involve reading teens and adults dyslexia signs in teens and adults are a lot like those in children. some common dyslexia symptoms in teens and adults include: difficulty reading
including: sex. a majority of people with rectal prolapse are women. age. rectal prolapse is more common in people over age 50. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff rectal prolapse care at mayo clinic
including: v-tach v-tach vt vt fainting loss of consciousness cardiac arrest (sudden death)
including: yellow coloration of the skin and eyes
incomplete or delayed puberty
increased appetite
increased hunger
increasing the arch and turning the heel inward. the foot may be turned so severely that it actually looks as if it's upside down. the affected leg or foot may be slightly shorter. the calf muscles in the affected leg are usually underdeveloped. despite its look
increasing the risk of painful fractures. it can also interfere with the blood supply to your bones
increasing vulnerability to infections. infants and children with sickle cell anemia commonly receive vaccinations and antibiotics to prevent potentially life-threatening infections
increasing your risk of nosebleeds. facial pain. there is some debate about the possible nasal causes of facial pain. a possible cause of one-sided facial pain could be a severe deviated septum in which surfaces within the nose touch and cause pressure. noisy breathing during sleep. a deviated septum or swelling of the tissues in your nose can be one of the many reasons for noisy breathing during sleep. awareness of the nasal cycle. the nose alternates between being obstructed on one side and then changes to being obstructed on the other. this is called the nasal cycle. being aware of the nasal cycle isn't typical and can indicate nasal obstruction. preference for sleeping on a particular side. some people may prefer to sleep on a particular side to optimize breathing through the nose at night if one nasal passage is narrowed.
increasing your risk of osteoporosis — a disease that causes fragile bones. changing cholesterol levels. declining estrogen levels may lead to unfavorable changes in your blood cholesterol levels
indicating maybe they're being sold to support drug use recognizing signs of drug use or intoxication signs and symptoms of drug use or intoxication may vary
indications of cardiac arrhythmia
indigestion
individuals with bipolar ii disorder can be depressed for longer periods
infants may have trouble feeding or be fussy and irritable. they can pass the infection to their mothers during breast-feeding. the infection may then pass back and forth between the mother's breasts and the baby's mouth. women whose breasts are infected with candida may experience these signs and symptoms: unusually red
infants most babies born to women carrying group b strep are healthy. but the few who are infected by group b strep during labor can become critically ill. in infants
infection with diphtheria-causing bacteria causes only a mild illness — or no obvious signs and symptoms at all. infected people who stay unaware of their illness are known as carriers of diphtheria. they're called carriers because they can spread the infection without being sick themselves. skin (cutaneous) diphtheria a second type of diphtheria can affect the skin
inferior or unattractive avoidance of work activities that require interpersonal contact socially inhibited
infertility and recurring pneumonia. people with cystic fibrosis have a higher than normal level of salt in their sweat. parents often can taste the salt when they kiss their children. most of the other signs and symptoms of cf affect the respiratory system and digestive system. cf respiratory signs and symptoms the thick and sticky mucus associated with cystic fibrosis clogs the tubes that carry air in and out of your lungs. this can cause signs and symptoms such as: a persistent cough that produces thick mucus (sputum) wheezing exercise intolerance repeated lung infections inflamed nasal passages or a stuffy nose recurrent sinusitis digestive signs and symptoms the thick mucus can also block tubes that carry digestive enzymes from your pancreas to your small intestine. without these digestive enzymes
infertility. without treatment
inflamed
inflamed area around the tunnel opening oozing of pus
inflamed blister-like bumps and itching or prickling in the affected area. occasionally
inflamed bumps on a baby's face
inflamed eyes (conjunctivitis) and a sore throat. this relatively mild illness may last 2 to 3 days. acute illness and rash. the rash is made up of small red spots
inflamed lines where you scratched. welts from friction. swelling. itching. the symptoms may occur within a few minutes of the skin being rubbed or scratched. they tend to go away within 30 minutes. rarely
inflamed skin on my calves that is hard to sleep with. i'm also concerned about the blood vessels that are protruding out.
inflammation and other immune system events affect muscles and other tissues around your eyes. signs and symptoms may include: bulging eyes gritty sensation in the eyes pressure or pain in the eyes puffy or retracted eyelids reddened or inflamed eyes light sensitivity double vision vision loss graves' dermopathy graves' dermopathy open pop-up dialog box close graves' dermopathy graves' dermopathy rarely
inflammation causes arteries to narrow so less blood and oxygen and fewer nutrients reach your organs and tissues. stage 2 signs and symptoms may include: weakness or pain in your limbs with use a weak pulse
inflammation in the area around the nipple (areola) and fever. signs and symptoms of mammary duct ectasia may improve on their own.
inflammation sites open pop-up dialog box close inflammation sites inflammation sites inflammation often affects these sites in people with reactive arthritis. inflammation sites open pop-up dialog box inflammation sites open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close inflammation sites inflammation sites inflammation often affects these sites in people with reactive arthritis. close inflammation sites inflammation sites inflammation often affects these sites in people with reactive arthritis. close inflammation sites inflammation sites inflammation often affects these sites in people with reactive arthritis. close close close inflammation sites inflammation sites inflammation often affects these sites in people with reactive arthritis. inflammation sites inflammation often affects these sites in people with reactive arthritis. inflammation often affects these sites in people with reactive arthritis. the signs and symptoms of reactive arthritis generally start 1 to 4 weeks after exposure to a triggering infection. they might include: pain and stiffness. the joint pain associated with reactive arthritis most commonly occurs in the knees
inflammatory bowel disease and celiac disease. weakened immune system. if your body's germ-fighting immune system is weakened
inflammatory bowel disease symptoms vary
inflammatory breast cancer doesn't commonly form a lump
inflammatory nails
ingrown toenail symptoms include: pain and tenderness inflamed skin swelling infection
inguinal hernia signs and symptoms include: a bulge in the area on either side of your pubic bone
inhaled or injected and are highly addictive. these drugs can cause severe intoxication
initially
injection or injury
injured or having problems functioning
inner cheeks
insect bites and infections acne signs and symptoms women with cushing syndrome may experience thicker or more visible body and facial hair (hirsutism) irregular or absent menstrual periods signs and symptoms men with cushing syndrome may experience decreased sex drive decreased fertility erectile dysfunction other possible signs and symptoms of cushing syndrome severe fatigue muscle weakness depression
insects such as bees and wasps aren't aggressive and only sting in self-defense. in most cases
inside your cheeks or lips
insomnia
insomnia symptoms may include: difficulty falling asleep at night waking up during the night waking up too early not feeling well-rested after a night's sleep daytime tiredness or sleepiness irritability
instead of experiencing the normal temporary paralysis of your arms and legs (atonia) during rem sleep
insulates and protects nerves of the brain and spinal cord. close close close nerve cell (neuron) nerve cell (neuron) the basic unit of communication in the nervous system is the nerve cell (neuron). each nerve cell consists of the cell body
insulates and protects nerves of the brain and spinal cord. close nerve cell (neuron) nerve cell (neuron) the basic unit of communication in the nervous system is the nerve cell (neuron). each nerve cell consists of the cell body
insulates and protects nerves of the brain and spinal cord. most people infected with the virus that causes polio
insulates and protects nerves of the brain and spinal cord. nerve cell (neuron) open pop-up dialog box nerve cell (neuron) open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close nerve cell (neuron) nerve cell (neuron) the basic unit of communication in the nervous system is the nerve cell (neuron). each nerve cell consists of the cell body
insulates and protects nerves of the brain and spinal cord. nerve cell (neuron) the basic unit of communication in the nervous system is the nerve cell (neuron). each nerve cell consists of the cell body
insulates and protects nerves of the brain and spinal cord. the basic unit of communication in the nervous system is the nerve cell (neuron). each nerve cell consists of the cell body
integrating them with sensations of taste
intellectual or cognitive disabilities
intense anger
intense displays of anger stress-related paranoia that comes and goes histrionic personality disorder constantly seeking attention excessively emotional
intense fear of gaining weight
intense itching is the main symptom of cholestasis of pregnancy. but there is no rash. typically
interests or activities
intermittent movements or sounds — are the hallmark sign of tourette syndrome. they can range from mild to severe. severe symptoms might significantly interfere with communication
intermittent vaginal bleeding. your baby might not grow as quickly as expected
internal bleeding
internal itching
interpreting input from one of your senses as another
interrupting the questioner have difficulty waiting for his or her turn interrupt or intrude on others' conversations
interventions and tests as a means to prevent
intolerance doesn't involve the immune system. milk intolerance requires different treatment from true milk allergy. common signs and symptoms of milk protein intolerance or lactose intolerance include digestive problems
intrusive thoughts and repetitive behaviors mania
invasive lobular carcinoma may cause no signs and symptoms. as it grows larger
invasive lobular carcinoma may cause: an area of thickening in part of the breast a new area of fullness or swelling in the breast a change in the texture or appearance of the skin over the breast
inverted nipple open pop-up dialog box close inverted nipple inverted nipple a nipple that's always been turned inward (inverted) usually isn't a medical concern. but a nipple that has recently turned inward should be checked by a doctor. inverted nipple open pop-up dialog box inverted nipple open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close inverted nipple inverted nipple a nipple that's always been turned inward (inverted) usually isn't a medical concern. but a nipple that has recently turned inward should be checked by a doctor. close inverted nipple inverted nipple a nipple that's always been turned inward (inverted) usually isn't a medical concern. but a nipple that has recently turned inward should be checked by a doctor. close inverted nipple inverted nipple a nipple that's always been turned inward (inverted) usually isn't a medical concern. but a nipple that has recently turned inward should be checked by a doctor. close close close inverted nipple inverted nipple a nipple that's always been turned inward (inverted) usually isn't a medical concern. but a nipple that has recently turned inward should be checked by a doctor. inverted nipple a nipple that's always been turned inward (inverted) usually isn't a medical concern. but a nipple that has recently turned inward should be checked by a doctor. a nipple that's always been turned inward (inverted) usually isn't a medical concern. but a nipple that has recently turned inward should be checked by a doctor. mammary duct ectasia often doesn't cause any signs or symptoms
involuntary and uncontrollable outbursts of crying or laughing that are exaggerated or not connected to your emotional state. laughter often turns to tears. your mood will appear normal between episodes
involuntary eye movement
involuntary movements
involvement of muscles and body organs may cause: muscle weakness limitation of joint motion caused by muscle tightening (contractures) in arms
iritis can occur in one or both eyes. it usually develops suddenly
iron deficiency anemia can be so mild that it goes unnoticed. but as the body becomes more deficient in iron and anemia worsens
irregular eye movement
irregular eye movements (opsoclonus) and involuntary
irregular heartbeat (palpitations) anxiety
irregular heartbeats
irregular heartbeats and trouble breathing.
irregular or absent can mean that you're not ovulating. there might be no other signs or symptoms.
irregular skin color (mottled skin) in rare cases
irregular sugar level
irregular-shaped breast lump skin redness or dimpling like an orange changes in breast size or shape fluid leaking from your nipple causes breast lumps can result from: breast cysts. if you find a breast lump that feels round
irregularly shaped and different from surrounding breast tissue might be breast cancer. skin covering the lump may look red
irregularly shaped patches (lesions) on the top or side of your tongue frequent changes in the location
irritability
irritability memory problems personality or behavior changes hearing problems
irritability or confusion upon waking severe signs and symptoms if diabetic hypoglycemia isn't treated
irritability or frustration
irritability or increased risk of depression may happen during perimenopause. the cause of these symptoms may be sleep disruption associated with hot flashes. mood changes may also be caused by factors not related to the hormonal changes of perimenopause. vaginal and bladder problems. when estrogen levels diminish
irritated
irritated skin nasal stuffiness (congestion) swelling of the lips
irritated skin on my arms
irritated skin with a large number of parasites
irritated throat
irritation
irritation and coughing
irritation and pain under dentures (denture stomatitis) in severe cases
irritation in anus
is a common feature of the disorder. even those without significant intellectual disability have some learning disabilities. delayed motor development. toddlers with prader-willi syndrome often reach milestones in physical movement — for example
is a condition that affects your heart. it is the most common heart disease in the united states. cad happens when coronary arteries struggle to supply the heart with enough blood
is common in pregnancy. morning sickness is often brought on by smelling certain odors or eating certain foods. morning sickness is most common during the first three months of pregnancy. it typically starts before nine weeks. symptoms usually improve by the middle or end of the second three months of pregnancy.
is common. people with cgd may develop a serious type of fungal pneumonia after being exposed to dead leaves
is defined as experiencing any of these in a significant way: delayed orgasm absence of orgasm fewer orgasms less-intense orgasms anorgasmia can also be: lifelong
is difficult to control and affects how you feel physically. it often occurs along with other anxiety disorders or depression. panic disorder involves repeated episodes of sudden feelings of intense anxiety and fear or terror that reach a peak within minutes (panic attacks). you may have feelings of impending doom
is impaired. "choking" is an extreme form of performance anxiety that may compromise a golfer's or any athlete's game. risk factors the yips tend to be associated with: older age more experience playing golf tournament play by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff request an appointment request an appointment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment march 23
is known as acute iritis. symptoms that develop gradually or last longer than three months indicate chronic iritis.
is often symptom-free. when signs and symptoms do occur
is often the first sign of dermatomyositis. muscle weakness. progressive muscle weakness involves the muscles closest to the trunk
is somewhat more accurate. when reporting a temperature to your health care provider
is swelling of the kidneys or the urine-collecting structures of one or both kidneys (hydronephrosis) in the fetus
is the accepted measure of overweight and obesity. your child's doctor can use growth charts
is the reddening and thickening of the skin
is the result of blood not being able to leave the penis. blood is trapped in the penis because it cannot flow out of the veins of the penis or there is a problem with the contraction of smooth muscles within the erectile tissue of the penis. ischemic priapism is the more common type of priapism and requires immediate medical care to prevent complications caused by not getting enough oxygen to the penile tissue. signs and symptoms include: erection lasting more than four hours or unrelated to sexual interest or stimulation rigid penile shaft
is uncommon. it occurs when the infection spreads (disseminates) beyond the lungs to other parts of the body. most often these parts include the skin
it affects both arms or both legs. it can also affect the chest wall and abdomen. close close close leg lymphedema leg lymphedema lymphedema is swelling in an arm or a leg. in rare circumstances
it affects both arms or both legs. it can also affect the chest wall and abdomen. close leg lymphedema leg lymphedema lymphedema is swelling in an arm or a leg. in rare circumstances
it affects both arms or both legs. it can also affect the chest wall and abdomen. leg lymphedema lymphedema is swelling in an arm or a leg. in rare circumstances
it affects both arms or both legs. it can also affect the chest wall and abdomen. leg lymphedema open pop-up dialog box leg lymphedema open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close leg lymphedema leg lymphedema lymphedema is swelling in an arm or a leg. in rare circumstances
it affects both arms or both legs. it can also affect the chest wall and abdomen. lymphedema is swelling in an arm or a leg. in rare circumstances
it affects both arms or both legs. it can also affect the chest wall and abdomen. lymphedema signs and symptoms include: swelling of part or all of the arm or leg
it affects the wrists and ankles. when a pseudogout attack occurs
it becomes more severe as the pylorus opening narrows. the vomit may sometimes contain blood. persistent hunger. babies who have pyloric stenosis often want to eat soon after vomiting. stomach contractions. you may notice wavelike contractions that ripple across your baby's upper stomach area soon after feeding but before vomiting. these contractions are part of the digestive process known as peristalsis. the contractions are caused by stomach muscles trying to force food through the narrowed pylorus. dehydration. your baby might cry without tears or become lethargic. you might find yourself changing fewer wet diapers or diapers that aren't as wet as you expect. changes in bowel movements. since pyloric stenosis prevents food from reaching the intestines
it begins to slowly disappear. many hemangiomas disappear by age 5
it burns and i feel like i'm not getting everything out. i've also been feeling really cold and weak.
it can affect nearly any part of your body
it can be difficult to determine the differences between cas and dysarthria.
it can be fatal. anaphylaxis causes the immune system to release a flood of chemicals that can cause you to go into shock. signs and symptoms of anaphylaxis include: a swollen throat or tongue or a tightness in the throat (airway constriction) that makes it difficult for you to breathe coughing
it can be tender. a full-blown infection of a bartholin's cyst can occur in a matter of days. if the cyst becomes infected
it can cause pain
it can cause severe disability
it can cause shortness of breath
it can cause skeletal deformities such as: bowed legs or knock knees thickened wrists and ankles breastbone projection when to see a doctor talk to your doctor if your child develops bone pain
it can cause the tube to rupture. heavy bleeding inside the abdomen is likely. symptoms of this life-threatening event include extreme lightheadedness
it can lead to damaged lung tissues
it can peel. my lips and cheeks swell
it can progress to generalized tetanus. cephalic tetanus this rare form of tetanus results from a head wound. it results in weakened muscles in the face and spasms of the jaw muscles. it also can progress to generalized tetanus.
it can result in: severe pain swelling inflammation a hard lump near your anus
it can sometimes be mistaken for problems with the heart
it can take as long as six weeks for symptoms to start. you can still spread scabies even if you don't have any symptoms yet.
it clouds more of your lens and distorts the light passing through the lens. this may lead to more-noticeable symptoms.
it could be a cyst — a dilated milk duct filled with fluid. a breast cyst can be large or small
it doesn't cause paralysis. besides having more-severe flu-like symptoms
it flakes. my lips and cheeks are swollen and achy. the puffiness sometimes gives me headaches and runny eyes.
it flares and then clears up for a time
it gets itchier. and the more it itches
it goes through three phases: raised pink or red bumps (papules)
it has gotten very painful.
it hurts and i only get a little bit out. the urine is cloudy and bloody and sometimes smells bad. i also feel nauseous.
it hurts. my urine is also cloudy and has a strong smell.
it is possible for people who have previously been stung by scorpions to have allergic reactions with subsequent stings. reactions to these subsequent stings are sometimes severe enough to cause a life-threatening condition called anaphylaxis. signs and symptoms in these cases are similar to those of anaphylaxis caused by bee stings and can include hives
it is typically associated with cancer of the thymus gland (thymoma). neuromyotonia. neuromyotonia — also known as isaacs' syndrome — is characterized by abnormal impulses in nerve cells outside the brain and spinal cord (peripheral nerve hyperexcitability) that control muscle movement. these impulses can cause twitching
it leads to a heart attack. classic signs and symptoms of a heart attack include crushing
it may affect: nearly all skin surfaces. with this type
it may be an indication to see a doctor for further evaluation for osa: witnessed breathing pauses during sleep excessive daytime sleepiness difficulty concentrating morning headaches sore throat upon awakening restless sleep gasping or choking at night high blood pressure chest pain at night your snoring is so loud it's disrupting your partner's sleep in children
it may be hard for health care professionals and loved ones to know if illnesses are real or not. people with factitious disorder make up symptoms or cause illnesses in several ways
it may be more likely to cause symptoms
it may be streaked with blood fatigue shortness of breath slight fever and chills chest discomfort if you have acute bronchitis
it may block the flow of urine and cause the kidney to swell and the ureter to spasm
it may cause more noticeable or severe signs and symptoms. common signs and symptoms of acoustic neuroma include: hearing loss
it may cause: a noticeable lump or swelling pain
it may get infected without your realizing it. you may also experience difficulty breathing
it may help to: eat a variety of fruits
it may not pump enough blood to the rest of the body. as a result
it may not pump enough blood to the rest of the body. so the organs and tissues may not get enough oxygen. signs and symptoms that occur during an episode of ventricular tachycardia are due to a lack of oxygen and may include: chest pain (angina) dizziness pounding heartbeat (palpitations) lightheadedness shortness of breath ventricular tachycardia may go away on its own within 30 seconds (nonsustained v-tach) or last more than 30 seconds (sustained v-tach or vt). brief episodes may not cause any symptoms. but sustained vt can cause serious problems
it may progress to a chronic form of pneumonia. this complication is most common in people with weakened immune systems. signs and symptoms include: low-grade fever weight loss cough chest pain blood-tinged sputum (matter discharged during coughing) nodules in the lungs disseminated coccidioidomycosis the most serious form of the disease
it may result in a narrowing of the esophagus or the formation of tightened
it might be accompanied by: abdominal pain fatigue nausea and vomiting yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes (jaundice)
it might cause fluid to fill the belly. the belly might look swollen.
it might not cause any noticeable symptoms. when ovarian cancer symptoms happen
it might not worsen for a long time.
it might take 24 hours or more for pain and swelling to begin
it most commonly begins after age 30. your sex. women are more likely to develop cervical dystonia than are men. family history. if a close family member has cervical dystonia or some other type of dystonia
it occasionally can cause infections in wounds and in other parts of the body
it often causes pain. other symptoms depend on the location of the angiosarcoma.
it often causes you to suddenly collapse or fall down. clonic seizures. clonic seizures are associated with repeated or rhythmic
it rarely happens the first time you're exposed. symptoms of anaphylaxis include: difficulty breathing hives or swelling nausea and vomiting wheezing drop in blood pressure dizziness loss of consciousness confusion rapid or weak pulse
it takes about seven to 10 days for signs and symptoms to appear
it will likely take 1 to 2 weeks for signs and symptoms of infection to appear. or they may not appear at all. it's possible to become infected with roseola but not show any sign of it. roseola symptoms might include: fever. roseola often starts with a high fever — often higher than 103 f (39.4 c). it starts suddenly and lasts 3 to 5 days. some children also may have a sore throat
it will probably drain pus. boils occur most often under the arms or around the groin or buttocks. impetigo. this contagious
it's a mental health disorder
it's advisable to see your provider to find out what's causing the change. low estrogen levels can lead to bone loss and an increased risk of heart disease.
it's been really itchy and i've been getting rashes. some patches of my skin are a different color than the rest of my skin
it's been red or black
it's important to know the signs and symptoms of a heart attack. these include: pressure
it's likely to produce these types of reactions: an immediate feeling of intense fear
it's likely your baby has mild jaundice. if your baby doesn't have jaundice
it's located mainly in the upper right portion of your abdomen
it's more challenging to identify. the most common symptom is belly pain that comes and goes. nausea and vomiting also may occur. people sometimes have symptoms for weeks before seeking medical attention.
it's more likely to occur in a hidden area. hidden melanomas include: melanoma under a nail. acral-lentiginous melanoma is a rare form of melanoma that can occur under a fingernail or toenail. it can also be found on the palms of the hands or the soles of the feet. it's more common in people of asian descent
it's more likely to occur in areas not normally exposed to the sun
it's most likely mittelschmerz.
it's much more common in boys. signs and symptoms
it's possible for inhalation anthrax symptoms to take more than six weeks to appear. cutaneous anthrax cutaneous anthrax open pop-up dialog box close cutaneous anthrax cutaneous anthrax you can contract anthrax when spores penetrate your skin
it's possible to have chronic sinusitis without nasal polyps. nasal polyps themselves are soft and lack sensation
it's time to see a doctor.
it's vital that women have regular screening tests to detect any precancerous changes in the cervix that might lead to cancer. current guidelines recommend that women ages 21 to 29 have a pap test every three years. women ages 30 to 65 are advised to continue having a pap test every three years
itch or feel gritty — as if there's sand in them. dry mouth. your mouth might feel like it's full of cotton
itch redden flake or peel anaphylaxis some types of allergies
itching
itching may not occur for 4 to 6 weeks. lice on scalp. you may be able to see the lice
itching or eczema swelling of the lips
itching or hives abdominal pain
itching or irritation of the mouth or throat hives
itching or severe sharp pains in areas of involvement skin thickening that inhibits movement
itching or swelling nausea
itchy
itchy areas on your skin
itchy bump resembling an insect bite that quickly develops into a painless sore with a black center swelling in the sore and nearby lymph glands sometimes
itchy bumps all over my body. they're especially bad on my arms and legs. i also have a headache and a fever. i don't feel like eating anything and have lost my appetite.
itchy bumps that may later develop into small pus-filled blisters. the rash is likely to be worse in areas where your swimsuit holds water against the skin. close close close hot tub folliculitis hot tub folliculitis hot tub folliculitis causes round
itchy bumps that may later develop into small pus-filled blisters. the rash is likely to be worse in areas where your swimsuit holds water against the skin. close hot tub folliculitis hot tub folliculitis hot tub folliculitis causes round
itchy bumps that may later develop into small pus-filled blisters. the rash is likely to be worse in areas where your swimsuit holds water against the skin. hot tub folliculitis causes round
itchy bumps that may later develop into small pus-filled blisters. the rash is likely to be worse in areas where your swimsuit holds water against the skin. hot tub folliculitis hot tub folliculitis causes round
itchy bumps that may later develop into small pus-filled blisters. the rash is likely to be worse in areas where your swimsuit holds water against the skin. hot tub folliculitis open pop-up dialog box hot tub folliculitis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close hot tub folliculitis hot tub folliculitis hot tub folliculitis causes round
itchy bumps that may later develop into small pus-filled blisters. the rash is likely to be worse in areas where your swimsuit holds water against the skin. pseudofolliculitis barbae open pop-up dialog box close pseudofolliculitis barbae pseudofolliculitis barbae razor bumps affect people with curly beards. the condition is also called pseudofolliculitis barbae. it develops when shaved hairs curve back into the skin
itchy eyes
itchy eyes enlarged
itchy or watering eyes dry eyes grittiness or the feeling of having a foreign body in the eye or eyes blurred vision sensitivity to light (photophobia) dilated small blood vessels on the white part of the eye that are visible when you look in a mirror red
itchy patches on very dry skin. atopic dermatitis (eczema) symptoms can appear anywhere on the body and vary widely from person to person. they may include: dry
itchy patches on very dry skin. atopic dermatitis in infants (infantile eczema) appears here as red
itchy patches on very dry skin. close close close infantile eczema infantile eczema atopic dermatitis in infants (infantile eczema) appears here as red
itchy patches on very dry skin. close infantile eczema infantile eczema atopic dermatitis in infants (infantile eczema) appears here as red
itchy patches on very dry skin. infantile eczema atopic dermatitis in infants (infantile eczema) appears here as red
itchy patches on very dry skin. infantile eczema open pop-up dialog box infantile eczema open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close infantile eczema infantile eczema atopic dermatitis in infants (infantile eczema) appears here as red
itchy rash on my face
itchy rash or swelling of the skin nasal congestion headache difficulty breathing cramps
itchy rash. close close close erythrodermic psoriasis erythrodermic psoriasis the least common type of psoriasis
itchy rash. close erythrodermic psoriasis erythrodermic psoriasis the least common type of psoriasis
itchy rash. common signs and symptoms of psoriasis include: a patchy rash that varies widely in how it looks from person to person
itchy rash. erythrodermic psoriasis open pop-up dialog box erythrodermic psoriasis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close erythrodermic psoriasis erythrodermic psoriasis the least common type of psoriasis
itchy rash. erythrodermic psoriasis the least common type of psoriasis
itchy rash. the least common type of psoriasis
itchy scalp. my skin is getting really dry too.
itchy skin bumps (hives) worsening of pre-existing asthma runny or stuffy nose low blood pressure nausea and vomiting diarrhea
itchy skin can affect small areas
itchy skin high blood pressure (hypertension) that's difficult to control shortness of breath
itchy skin. it can sometimes flake. my cheeks and lips swell
items are usually saved because: you believe these items are unique or that you'll need them at some point in the future. you feel emotionally connected to items that remind you of happier times or represent beloved people or pets. you feel safe and comforted when surrounded by things. you don't want to waste anything. hoarding disorder is different from collecting. people who have collections
jabbing
japan and mexico.
jaw
jerking muscle movements. these seizures usually affect the neck
jiggling the legs
jittery or stressed out trouble sleeping lack of appetite difficulty concentrating feeling overwhelmed difficulty functioning in daily activities withdrawing from social supports avoiding important things such as going to work or paying bills suicidal thoughts or behavior symptoms of an adjustment disorder start within three months of a stressful event and last no longer than 6 months after the end of the stressful event. however
jock itch usually begins with a reddened area of skin in the crease in the groin. it often spreads to the upper thigh in a half-moon shape. the rash may be ring-shaped and bordered with a line of small blisters. it may burn or feel itchy
joint contractures and scoliosis. understanding
joint pain
joints
judgment and information processing sometimes females with triple x syndrome have these signs and symptoms: vertical folds of skin that cover the inner corners of the eyes (epicanthal folds) widely spaced eyes curved pinky fingers flat feet breastbone with an inward bowed shape weak muscle tone (hypotonia) seizures problems with the kidneys ovaries that don't work properly at a young age (premature ovarian failure)
judgment and visual-spatial skills. memory loss also is a common symptom of mild cognitive impairment. this disorder involves memory and other cognitive problems that aren't as severe as those experienced in dementia. additional symptoms depending on the cause of the amnesia
jumpy or wired increased activity
just below the ribs losing weight without trying fever night sweats dark urine
just below your breastbone back pain between your shoulder blades pain in your right shoulder nausea or vomiting gallstone pain may last several minutes to a few hours.
juvenile and late onset/adult. infantile form in the most common and severe form
juvenile idiopathic arthritis is characterized by times when symptoms flare up and times when symptoms may be minimal.
keeping your balance with your eyes closed
kicking
kidney cancer usually doesn't have signs or symptoms in its early stages. in time
kidney or lung failure can occur.
kidney stones open pop-up dialog box close kidney stones kidney stones kidney stones form in your kidneys. as stones move into your ureters — the thin tubes that allow urine to pass from your kidneys to your bladder — signs and symptoms can result. signs and symptoms of kidney stones can include severe pain
kidneys or brain often won't have any signs or symptoms. small arteriovenous fistulas usually don't need treatment other than monitoring by a health care provider. large arteriovenous fistulas may cause signs and symptoms. arteriovenous fistula signs and symptoms may include: purplish
kleptomania symptoms may include: inability to resist powerful urges to steal items that you don't need feeling increased tension
knee
knee pain
knees
knees and ankles.
knees and neck usually become a deeper red than the other areas with the rash. flushed face. the face may appear flushed with a pale ring around the mouth. strawberry tongue. the tongue generally looks red and bumpy
knifelike pelvic pain during menstruation (dysmenorrhea) chronic pelvic pain painful intercourse (dyspareunia) your uterus might get bigger. although you might not know if your uterus is bigger
know the month or remember what they ate for breakfast. isolated memory loss doesn't affect a person's intelligence
known as addisonian crisis sometimes the symptoms of addison's disease appear suddenly. acute adrenal failure can lead to life-threatening shock. seek emergency treatment for the following: severe weakness confusion pain in the lower back or legs severe abdominal pain
known as fontanels. nausea and vomiting. stiffness affecting the whole body. poor feeding or not waking for a feeding. irritability. in cases of autoimmune encephalitis
known as ghb. other examples include ketamine and flunitrazepam or rohypnol ― a brand used outside the u.s. ― also called roofie. these drugs are not all in the same category
known as gynecomastia. confusion
known as jaundice. easy bleeding or bruising. fluid buildup in the abdomen
known as pink eye painful swelling near the inside corner of the eye crusting of the eyelids mucus or pus discharge from the lids and surface of the eye blurred vision
known as primary (acute) hiv infection
known as psychosis. seeing or hearing things that aren't there. these are called hallucinations. seizures. changes in vision. sleep problems. muscle weakness. loss of sensation. problems walking. abnormal movements. bladder and bowel problems.
known as regurgitation children: difficulty feeding
known as rem sleep behavior disorder. or they may have trouble falling asleep or staying asleep
labia minora and clitoris. close close close vulva vulva the vulva is the outer part of the female genitalia
labia minora and clitoris. close vulva vulva the vulva is the outer part of the female genitalia
labia minora and clitoris. the main vulvodynia symptom is pain in your genital area
labia minora and clitoris. the vulva is the outer part of the female genitalia
labia minora and clitoris. vulva open pop-up dialog box vulva open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close vulva vulva the vulva is the outer part of the female genitalia
labia minora and clitoris. vulva the vulva is the outer part of the female genitalia
lack of appetite or abdominal pain a yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eye (jaundice) golden-brown eye discoloration (kayser-fleischer rings) fluid buildup in the legs or abdomen problems with speech
lack of concentration
lack of muscle coordination and seizures dermatitis herpetiformis gluten intolerance can cause this itchy
lack of muscle coordination in your limbs
lack of response to their name or indifference to caregivers. other children may develop normally for the first few months or years of life
lacy
lacy patches may not cause discomfort when they appear on the inside of the cheeks. however
lambert-eaton myasthenic syndrome is typically associated with lung cancer. myasthenia gravis. myasthenia gravis is also related to disrupted communication between nerves and muscles and also characterized by weakness and rapid fatigue of any of the muscles that are under voluntary control
larval cysts can cause severe disease in the liver
laryngitis symptoms are caused by something more serious or long lasting. laryngitis signs and symptoms can include: hoarseness weak voice or voice loss tickling sensation and rawness in your throat sore throat dry throat dry cough
lasting a few seconds and affecting one or both eyes difficulty seeing to the side double vision seeing light flashes neck
lasting days to weeks. joints most commonly affected are the hands
lasting from a few minutes to a few hours impulsive and risky behavior
lasting hours after intercourse
laughing
laughing or yawning cognitive and behavioral changes als often starts in the hands
lead poisoning can be hard to detect — even people who seem healthy can have high blood levels of lead. signs and symptoms usually don't appear until dangerous amounts have accumulated. lead poisoning symptoms in children signs and symptoms of lead poisoning in children include: developmental delay learning difficulties irritability loss of appetite weight loss sluggishness and fatigue abdominal pain vomiting constipation hearing loss seizures eating things
lead poisoning is also dangerous for adults. signs and symptoms in adults might include: high blood pressure joint and muscle pain difficulties with memory or concentration headache abdominal pain mood disorders reduced sperm count and abnormal sperm miscarriage
leading to crampy abdominal pain. rectal bleeding. this can be a sign of colon polyps or cancer or other conditions
leading to dehydration reduced consciousness or delirium low blood pressure
leading to fractures over time in children
leading to inflammation. carbuncle open pop-up dialog box close carbuncle carbuncle a carbuncle is a cluster of boils — painful
leading to inflammation. close close close pseudofolliculitis barbae pseudofolliculitis barbae razor bumps affect people with curly beards. the condition is also called pseudofolliculitis barbae. it develops when shaved hairs curve back into the skin
leading to inflammation. close pseudofolliculitis barbae pseudofolliculitis barbae razor bumps affect people with curly beards. the condition is also called pseudofolliculitis barbae. it develops when shaved hairs curve back into the skin
leading to inflammation. pseudofolliculitis barbae open pop-up dialog box pseudofolliculitis barbae open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close pseudofolliculitis barbae pseudofolliculitis barbae razor bumps affect people with curly beards. the condition is also called pseudofolliculitis barbae. it develops when shaved hairs curve back into the skin
leading to inflammation. pseudofolliculitis barbae razor bumps affect people with curly beards. the condition is also called pseudofolliculitis barbae. it develops when shaved hairs curve back into the skin
leading to inflammation. razor bumps affect people with curly beards. the condition is also called pseudofolliculitis barbae. it develops when shaved hairs curve back into the skin
leading to missed deadlines and forgotten meetings or social plans. the inability to control impulses can range from impatience waiting in line or driving in traffic to mood swings and outbursts of anger. adhd adhd adult adhd symptoms may include: adhd impulsiveness disorganization and problems prioritizing poor time management skills problems focusing on a task trouble multitasking excessive activity or restlessness poor planning low frustration tolerance frequent mood swings problems following through and completing tasks hot temper trouble coping with stress what's typical behavior and what's adhd? almost everyone has some symptoms similar to adhd at some point in their lives. if your difficulties are recent or occurred only occasionally in the past
leading to poor weight gain less-serious congenital heart defects are often not diagnosed until later in childhood or during adulthood. symptoms of congenital heart defects that usually aren't immediately life-threatening include: easily getting short of breath during exercise or activity easily tiring during exercise or activity swelling of the hands
leading to poor weight gain less-serious congenital heart defects may not be diagnosed until later in childhood. signs and symptoms of congenital heart defects in older children may include: easily becoming short of breath during exercise or activity easily tiring during exercise or activity fainting during exercise or activity swelling in the hands
leading to significant weight loss — usually greater than 20 pounds (9.1 kilograms) nausea and vomiting
leading to the surface of the skin. apocrine glands develop in areas with many hair follicles
leaky (regurgitation or insufficiency) or close improperly (prolapse). valvular heart disease is also called heart valve disease. depending on which valve isn't working properly
learning disabilities
learning disorders and delayed development poor memory trouble with attention and with processing information difficulty with reasoning and problem-solving difficulty identifying consequences of choices poor judgment skills jitteriness or hyperactivity rapidly changing moods social and behavioral issues problems in functioning
learning disorders and delayed development poor memory trouble with attention and with processing information difficulty with reasoning and problem-solving difficulty identifying consequences of choices poor judgment skills jitteriness or hyperactivity rapidly changing moods social and behavioral issuesproblems in functioning
leathery or tan. these types of burns usually require skin grafts for wound closure. close close close third-degree burn third-degree burn third-degree burns extend into the fat layer that lies beneath the dermis. the skin may appear stiff
leathery or tan. these types of burns usually require skin grafts for wound closure. close third-degree burn third-degree burn third-degree burns extend into the fat layer that lies beneath the dermis. the skin may appear stiff
leathery or tan. these types of burns usually require skin grafts for wound closure. radiation burn open pop-up dialog box close radiation burn radiation burn radiation burns can be caused by x-rays or radiation therapy to treat cancer. radiation burn open pop-up dialog box radiation burn open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close radiation burn radiation burn radiation burns can be caused by x-rays or radiation therapy to treat cancer. close radiation burn radiation burn radiation burns can be caused by x-rays or radiation therapy to treat cancer. close radiation burn radiation burn radiation burns can be caused by x-rays or radiation therapy to treat cancer. close close close radiation burn radiation burn radiation burns can be caused by x-rays or radiation therapy to treat cancer. radiation burn radiation burns can be caused by x-rays or radiation therapy to treat cancer. radiation burns can be caused by x-rays or radiation therapy to treat cancer. burn symptoms vary depending on how deep the skin damage is. it can take a day or two for the signs and symptoms of a severe burn to develop. 1st-degree burn. this minor burn affects only the outer layer of the skin (epidermis). it may cause redness and pain. 2nd-degree burn. this type of burn affects both the epidermis and the second layer of skin (dermis). it may cause swelling and red
leathery or tan. these types of burns usually require skin grafts for wound closure. third-degree burn open pop-up dialog box third-degree burn open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close third-degree burn third-degree burn third-degree burns extend into the fat layer that lies beneath the dermis. the skin may appear stiff
leathery or tan. these types of burns usually require skin grafts for wound closure. third-degree burn third-degree burns extend into the fat layer that lies beneath the dermis. the skin may appear stiff
leathery or tan. these types of burns usually require skin grafts for wound closure. third-degree burns extend into the fat layer that lies beneath the dermis. the skin may appear stiff
leaving a shortage of red blood cells (anemia). without enough red blood cells
leaving deep
leaving open sores
leaving shallow open sores that ooze and crust over. signs and symptoms vary
left ventricular hypertrophy usually develops gradually. some people do not have symptoms
leg
leg pain
leg ulcers also occur. joint pain. symptoms resembling rheumatoid arthritis are common in cryoglobulinemia. peripheral neuropathy. cryoglobulinemia can damage the nerves at the tips of your fingers and toes
legionnaires' disease usually develops two to 10 days after exposure to legionella bacteria. it frequently begins with the following signs and symptoms: headache muscle aches fever that may be 104 f (40 c) or higher by the second or third day
legs
legs and feet bone pain
legs and feet. the rash can also appear on the arms
legs and fingers a breastbone that protrudes outward or dips inward a high
legs and fingers. your doctor may want to measure your arm span if he or she thinks you might have the disorder. close close close longer arms in marfan syndrome longer arms in marfan syndrome marfan syndrome is a genetic disorder that causes people to have unusually long arms
legs and fingers. your doctor may want to measure your arm span if he or she thinks you might have the disorder. close longer arms in marfan syndrome longer arms in marfan syndrome marfan syndrome is a genetic disorder that causes people to have unusually long arms
legs and fingers. your doctor may want to measure your arm span if he or she thinks you might have the disorder. longer arms in marfan syndrome marfan syndrome is a genetic disorder that causes people to have unusually long arms
legs and fingers. your doctor may want to measure your arm span if he or she thinks you might have the disorder. longer arms in marfan syndrome open pop-up dialog box longer arms in marfan syndrome open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close longer arms in marfan syndrome longer arms in marfan syndrome marfan syndrome is a genetic disorder that causes people to have unusually long arms
legs and fingers. your doctor may want to measure your arm span if he or she thinks you might have the disorder. marfan syndrome is a genetic disorder that causes people to have unusually long arms
legs and fingers. your doctor may want to measure your arm span if he or she thinks you might have the disorder. the signs and symptoms of marfan syndrome can vary greatly
legs and other bones. many children with shaken baby syndrome show signs and symptoms of prior child abuse. in mild cases of shaken baby syndrome
legs or arms appear distorted
legs or back constipation or diarrhea nausea and vomiting muscle pain
legs or belly a new or changed whooshing sound in the heart (murmur) less common endocarditis symptoms can include: unexplained weight loss blood in the urine tenderness under the left rib cage (spleen) painless red
legs or feet lack of coordination and difficulty walking loss of bladder or bowel control
legs or feet. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff request an appointment request an appointment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment sept. 03
legs or neck veins
legs pain a lot. there is a strange pain behind my eyes. i can't do any physical activities.
length and frequency vary. sleep problems are often due to hot flashes or night sweats
length and head circumference by gestational age for boys gestational age weight length head circumference 40 weeks 7 lbs.
length and head circumference by gestational age for boys weight
length and head circumference by gestational age for girls gestational age weight length head circumference 40 weeks 7 lbs.
length and head circumference by gestational age for girls weight
length and head circumference of premature babies at different gestational ages for each sex. weight
lesions on the tongue may indicate other more-serious conditions of the tongue or diseases affecting the body in general. if you have lesions on the tongue that don't resolve within 10 days
less common types of skin cancer include: kaposi sarcoma. this rare form of skin cancer develops in the skin's blood vessels and causes red or purple patches on the skin or mucous membranes. kaposi sarcoma mainly occurs in people with weakened immune systems
less muscle and less facial and body hair compared with other teens small
let your child's doctor know if you drank alcohol while you were pregnant. don't wait for problems to arise before seeking help. if you have adopted a child or are providing foster care
lethargy
lethargy and fatigue. it can also cause depression. heart. rarely
leukoplakia usually occurs on your gums
leukotrienes and cytokines that cause inflammation and symptoms. complications complications of systemic mastocytosis can include: anaphylactic reaction. this severe allergic reaction includes signs and symptoms such as rapid heartbeat
lewy body dementia and creutzfeldt-jakob disease. researchers are looking at potential gene variations that may be related to the condition. risk factors further study is needed to determine whether the risk factors for alzheimer's disease may play a role in posterior cortical atrophy. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff posterior cortical atrophy care at mayo clinic
lewy body dementia signs and symptoms can include: visual hallucinations. hallucinations — seeing things that aren't there — might be one of the first symptoms
lichen planus may involve the mucous membrane surfaces of the eyes
lichen planus of the toenails or fingernails may result in ridges on the nails
lichen sclerosus open pop-up dialog box close lichen sclerosus lichen sclerosus lichen sclerosus is a skin condition characterized by discolored
life-threatening allergic reaction that causes the widespread dysfunction of body systems. signs and symptoms of anaphylaxis include: tightening of the airways and throat
life-threatening reaction to a drug allergy that causes the widespread dysfunction of body systems. symptoms of anaphylaxis include: tightening of the airways and throat
lifting
lightheaded
lightheadedness and fainting fatigue feeling short of breath during activity or at rest feeling short of breath at night when trying to sleep or waking up short of breath irregular heartbeats that feel rapid
lightheadedness and fainting signs and symptoms tend to get worse unless treated. in some people
lightheadedness or dizziness
lightheadedness or fainting
lightheadedness or fainting anaphylaxis allergies can cause a severe
lightheadedness or fainting anaphylaxis in some people
lightheadedness or faintness numbness or tingling sensation feeling of unreality or detachment one of the worst things about panic attacks is the intense fear that you'll have another one. you may fear having panic attacks so much that you avoid certain situations where they may occur.
lightheadedness or loss of consciousness discuss with your doctor any reaction — no matter how mild — you or your child has to eggs. the severity of egg allergy reactions can vary each time one occurs
lightheadedness or loss of consciousness emergency treatment is critical for anaphylaxis. untreated
lightheadedness or weakness. racing heartbeats. nausea or vomiting. other types of chest pain it can be difficult to tell if chest pain is related to the heart or caused by something else. usually
lightheadedness rapid heart rate late dumping syndrome starts 1 to 3 hours after you eat a high-sugar meal. it takes time for signs and symptoms to develop because after you eat your body releases large amounts of insulin to absorb the sugars entering your small intestine. the result is low blood sugar. signs and symptoms of late dumping syndrome can include: sweating flushing dizziness
lightheadedness weakness rapid heart rate some people have both early and late signs and symptoms. and dumping syndrome can develop years after surgery.
like covid-19
like hot or acidic food. i also have loose stools sometimes. bending over or lying down makes my stomach feel worse.
like hot or acidic food. i sometimes have loose stools because of this.
like my arms and legs. i also don't feel like eating.
like primary hypertension
like spicy or acidic food. i also get loose stools sometimes.
like spicy or acidic foods. sometimes i have loose stools after eating these foods.
like spicy or acidic foods. this sometimes causes me to have loose stools.
like sunlight or certain chemicals.
like the rest of the body
like the skin of an orange
like wallpaper. the inside of the back of the eye is filled with a gel-like liquid called vitreous. the type of uveitis you have depends on which part or parts of the eye are inflamed: anterior uveitis affects the inside of the front of your eye (between the cornea and the iris) and the ciliary body. it is also called iritis and is the most common type of uveitis. intermediate uveitis affects the retina and blood vessels just behind the lens (pars plana) as well as the gel in the center of the eye (vitreous). posterior uveitis affects a layer on the inside of the back of your eye
like you're living in a movie or a dream feeling emotionally disconnected from people you care about
limbs and fingers slow physical growth before and after birth vision difficulties or hearing problems small head circumference and brain size heart defects and problems with kidneys and bones brain and central nervous system problems problems with the brain and central nervous system may include: poor coordination or balance intellectual disability
limbs and fingers slow physical growth before and after birth vision difficulties or hearing problems small head circumference and brain size heart defects and problems with kidneys and bones brain and central nervous system problemsproblems with the brain and central nervous system may include: poor coordination or balance intellectual disability
limit the amount of alcohol you drink to no more than one drink a day for women of all ages and men older than age 65
limpness or weak muscle tone difficulty breathing irritability jitteriness seizures rash jaundice adults many adults carry group b strep in their bodies — usually in the bowel
lipomas can occur anywhere in the body. they are typically: situated just under the skin. they commonly occur in the neck
liposarcoma signs and symptoms vary depending on the part of the body where the cancer forms. liposarcoma that forms in the arms and legs can cause: a growing lump of tissue under your skin pain swelling weakness of the affected limb liposarcoma that forms in the abdomen can cause: abdominal pain abdominal swelling feeling full sooner when eating constipation blood in stool
lips
lips and eyes. they tend to be tall and thin with long arms and legs. following are symptoms that may be related to each tumor type. men 2 men 2b medullary thyroid cancer: lumps in the throat or neck trouble breathing or swallowing hoarseness diarrhea parathyroid hyperplasia
lips and nails (cyanosis) restlessness or irritability rapid breathing poor eating some people with an extra electrical pathway don't have signs or symptoms of a fast heartbeat. this condition is called wolff-parkinson-white (wpw) pattern. it's often discovered by chance during a heart test.
lips and tongues to the correct positions to make a sound
lips or tongue to make the correct movement for speech sounds vowel distortions
liquids you're trying to swallow come out your nose. affect chewing. the muscles used for chewing might tire halfway through a meal
little or no urinating
liver
liver and lungs. signs and symptoms include: persistent and worsening pain
liver and other abdominal organs if they move through the hernia into the chest.
liver or other organ. signs and symptoms vary depending on the parts of your body affected by the disease. they can include: fatigue
liver or other organs. noncancerous (benign) skin tumors. benign bone growths (osteomas). congenital hypertrophy of the retinal pigment epithelium (chrpe). these are benign pigment changes in the retina of your eye. dental abnormalities. these include extra teeth or teeth that don't come in. low numbers of red blood cells (anemia). prevention preventing fap is not possible
living environment and sun exposure. they include: a feeling of skin tightness skin that feels and looks rough itchiness (pruritus) slight to severe flaking skin
location and rate of growth. some signs and symptoms may not be easy to detect because they're similar to symptoms of other conditions. some of the more common symptoms of a brain tumor in children include: headaches
loneliness
long naps during the day or disorganized speech are possible. depression. you might develop depression. apathy. you might lose motivation.
long periods of staring into space
long periods of unrelieved stress in your life
longer lasting or harder to treat than are the infections of someone with a typical immune system. you may also get infections that a person with a healthy immune system likely wouldn't get (opportunistic infections). signs and symptoms differ depending on the type of primary immunodeficiency disorder
lorazepam (ativan)
losing excess weight
losing weight without trying
loss of appetite
loss of appetite and constipation fever weight loss
loss of appetite and sweating. later illness a few weeks after symptoms start
loss of balance
loss of bladder control
loss of bladder control (urinary incontinence) and bowel issues such as constipation. cognitive problems. you might have thinking (cognitive) problems similar to those of alzheimer's disease
loss of consciousness and shock. if you have a severe allergic reaction
loss of erection or a request from your partner. often
loss of interest in normal activities
loss of kidney function can cause: nausea vomiting loss of appetite fatigue and weakness sleep problems urinating more or less decreased mental sharpness muscle cramps swelling of feet and ankles dry
loss of memory (amnesia) and confusion. the amnesia usually involves forgetting the event that caused the concussion. physical signs and symptoms of a concussion may include: headache ringing in the ears nausea vomiting fatigue or drowsiness blurry vision other signs and symptoms of a concussion include: confusion or feeling as if in a fog amnesia surrounding the traumatic event dizziness or "seeing stars" a witness may observe these signs and symptoms in the concussed person: temporary loss of consciousness (though this doesn't always occur) slurred speech delayed response to questions dazed appearance forgetfulness
loss of sex drive
loss of side vision glaucoma in children a dull or cloudy eye (infants) increased blinking (infants) tears without crying (infants) blurred vision nearsightedness that gets worse headache pigmentary glaucoma halos around lights blurred vision with exercise gradual loss of side vision
loss of smell
loss of taste
loss of vision
lost weight
loud crying caused by belly pain. infants who have belly pain may pull their knees to their chests when they cry. the pain of intussusception comes and goes
loud noises or clowns each specific phobia is referred to by its own term. examples of more common terms include acrophobia for the fear of heights and claustrophobia for the fear of confined spaces. no matter what specific phobia you have
low back or buttocks. eye inflammation. many people who have reactive arthritis also develop eye inflammation (conjunctivitis). urinary problems. increased frequency and discomfort during urination may occur
low blood pressure
low blood pressure (hypotension) symptoms may include: blurred or fading vision dizziness or lightheadedness fainting fatigue trouble concentrating nausea for some people
low blood pressure may be a sign of an underlying health condition
low energy or problems sleeping detachment from reality (delusions)
low libido and difficulty reaching orgasm. difficulty digesting food
low muscle mass and high body fat. other endocrine problems may include underproduction of thyroid hormone (hypothyroidism) or central adrenal insufficiency
low sex drive or difficulty maintaining an erection (erectile dysfunction) pain
low-set ears
lower abdomen and upper arms.
lower abdomen or inner thighs of adults if the infection was sexually transmitted
lower back and scalp. the patches vary in color
lower back or tailbone the heels
lower legs and feet. at the same time
lower legs and thighs. early symptoms may include swelling and itchiness. affected skin can become lighter or darker in color and may look shiny because of the tightness. some people also experience small red spots
lowering blood pressure
lumps
lung
lung cancer typically doesn't cause signs and symptoms in its earliest stages. signs and symptoms of lung cancer typically occur when the disease is advanced. signs and symptoms of lung cancer may include: a new cough that doesn't go away coughing up blood
lungs
lungs or heart. symptoms vary widely. in some cases
lungs or kidneys. some people experience shingles pain without ever developing the rash. most commonly
lupus and sjogren's syndrome. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff cryoglobulinemia care at mayo clinic
lying down or taking a deep breath get better when sitting up or leaning forward other signs and symptoms of pericarditis may include: cough fatigue or general feeling of weakness or being sick leg swelling low-grade fever pounding or racing heartbeat (heart palpitations) shortness of breath when lying down swelling of the belly (abdomen) the specific symptoms depend on the type of pericarditis. pericarditis is grouped into different categories
lymph nodes and lymph channels
lymph nodes fatigue fever pain in the upper left portion of the abdomen
m.d.
mainly affecting your spine and legs. it may also cause painful muscle spasms. myelopathy. this term refers to a syndrome of injury limited to the spinal cord. depending on the level of spinal cord injury
mainly on lower legs but sometimes on the chest
mainly on the neck diarrhea weight loss cough night sweats these symptoms can be so mild that you might not even notice them. however
mainly right after birth in the delivery room. trouble breathing. feeding problems. the following tables show the median birth weight
major and herpetiform sores. minor canker sores minor canker sores are the most common and: are usually small are oval shaped with a red edge heal without scarring in one to two weeks major canker sores major canker sores are less common and: are larger and deeper than minor canker sores are usually round with defined borders
major clutter has developed by the time it reaches the attention of others. symptoms of hoarding disorder may include: getting and keeping too many items that you may not have a need for right now and don't have space for. ongoing difficulty throwing out or parting with your things
major depression episodes may occur before or during persistent depressive disorder. symptoms of persistent depressive disorder can cause major problems in your life and may include: sadness
make an appointment with your dentist as soon as possible. the sooner you get care
make it difficult to function and sometimes can be disabling. these thoughts
make sure someone stays with that person to keep him or her safe. call 911 or your local emergency number immediately. or
make sure to turn his or her head to the side — this helps prevent choking. try to keep the person awake to prevent loss of consciousness. don't be afraid to get help it can be difficult to decide if you think someone is drunk enough to warrant medical intervention
make up the female reproductive system. close close close female reproductive system female reproductive system the ovaries
make up the female reproductive system. close female reproductive system female reproductive system the ovaries
make up the female reproductive system. early vaginal cancer may not cause any signs and symptoms. as it progresses
make up the female reproductive system. female reproductive system open pop-up dialog box female reproductive system open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close female reproductive system female reproductive system the ovaries
make up the female reproductive system. female reproductive system the ovaries
make up the female reproductive system. in many cases
make up the female reproductive system. the ovaries
make up the female reproductive system. when ovarian cancer first develops
makes symptoms worse. symptoms may include: extreme fatigue weight loss and loss of appetite areas of darkened skin low blood pressure
makeup or clothes constantly comparing your appearance with others frequently seeking reassurance about your appearance from others having perfectionist tendencies seeking cosmetic procedures with little satisfaction avoiding social situations preoccupation with your appearance and excessive thoughts and repetitive behaviors can be unwanted
making decisions and remembering things frequent or recurrent thoughts of death
making hair appear darker with age. eye color eyelashes and eyebrows are often pale. eye color can range from very light blue to brown and may change with age. with albinism
making intercourse painful. low estrogen may also leave you more vulnerable to urinary or vaginal infections. loss of tissue tone may contribute to urinary incontinence. decreasing fertility. as ovulation becomes irregular
making it appear as if your skin is healing. on average
making it difficult for me to swallow. i have a pain in my upper abdomen.
making it difficult to adjust from light to dark and seeing well when driving at night. exercise intolerance
making it difficult to eat
making it difficult to open or close your mouth tmj disorders can also cause a clicking sound or grating sensation when you open your mouth or chew. but if there's no pain or limitation of movement associated with your jaw clicking
making it difficult to swallow or speak. some people with sjogren's syndrome also have one or more of the following: joint pain
making it hard for me to move around without getting stiff. walking has also been very painful.
making it hard to do even simple tasks.
making simple tasks difficult and time-consuming. your steps may become shorter when you walk. it may be difficult to get out of a chair. you may drag or shuffle your feet as you try to walk. rigid muscles. muscle stiffness may occur in any part of your body. the stiff muscles can be painful and limit your range of motion. impaired posture and balance. your posture may become stooped. or you may fall or have balance problems as a result of parkinson's disease. loss of automatic movements. you may have a decreased ability to perform unconscious movements
making statements such as "i'm going to kill myself
making them difficult to detect. some aneurysms never rupture. many start small and stay small. others grow larger over time
making them easy to overlook. signs and symptoms of chlamydia trachomatis infection can include: painful urination vaginal discharge in women discharge from the penis in men painful sexual intercourse in women bleeding between periods and after sex in women testicular pain in men chlamydia trachomatis can also infect the rectum
making them more noticeable
making them visible through my clothing.
making your teeth look longer than usual
malaise
male reproductive system open pop-up dialog box close male reproductive system male reproductive system the male reproductive system makes
male-pattern baldness open pop-up dialog box close male-pattern baldness male-pattern baldness male-pattern baldness typically appears first at the hairline or top of the head. it can progress to partial or complete baldness. male-pattern baldness open pop-up dialog box male-pattern baldness open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close male-pattern baldness male-pattern baldness male-pattern baldness typically appears first at the hairline or top of the head. it can progress to partial or complete baldness. close male-pattern baldness male-pattern baldness male-pattern baldness typically appears first at the hairline or top of the head. it can progress to partial or complete baldness. close male-pattern baldness male-pattern baldness male-pattern baldness typically appears first at the hairline or top of the head. it can progress to partial or complete baldness. close close close male-pattern baldness male-pattern baldness male-pattern baldness typically appears first at the hairline or top of the head. it can progress to partial or complete baldness. male-pattern baldness male-pattern baldness typically appears first at the hairline or top of the head. it can progress to partial or complete baldness. male-pattern baldness typically appears first at the hairline or top of the head. it can progress to partial or complete baldness. female-pattern baldness open pop-up dialog box close female-pattern baldness female-pattern baldness female-pattern baldness typically starts with scalp hairs becoming progressively less dense. many women first experience hair thinning and hair loss where they part their hair and on the top-central portion of the head. female-pattern baldness open pop-up dialog box female-pattern baldness open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close female-pattern baldness female-pattern baldness female-pattern baldness typically starts with scalp hairs becoming progressively less dense. many women first experience hair thinning and hair loss where they part their hair and on the top-central portion of the head. close female-pattern baldness female-pattern baldness female-pattern baldness typically starts with scalp hairs becoming progressively less dense. many women first experience hair thinning and hair loss where they part their hair and on the top-central portion of the head. close female-pattern baldness female-pattern baldness female-pattern baldness typically starts with scalp hairs becoming progressively less dense. many women first experience hair thinning and hair loss where they part their hair and on the top-central portion of the head. close close close female-pattern baldness female-pattern baldness female-pattern baldness typically starts with scalp hairs becoming progressively less dense. many women first experience hair thinning and hair loss where they part their hair and on the top-central portion of the head. female-pattern baldness female-pattern baldness typically starts with scalp hairs becoming progressively less dense. many women first experience hair thinning and hair loss where they part their hair and on the top-central portion of the head. female-pattern baldness typically starts with scalp hairs becoming progressively less dense. many women first experience hair thinning and hair loss where they part their hair and on the top-central portion of the head. patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) open pop-up dialog box close patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) patchy hair loss (alopecia areata) in the type of patchy hair loss known as alopecia areata
malnutrition and weight loss
mania may trigger a break from reality (psychosis). bipolar ii disorder. you've had at least one major depressive episode and at least one hypomanic episode
mannerisms and even such physical qualities as the need for eyeglasses. there also are differences in how familiar each identity is with the others. people with dissociative identity disorder typically also have dissociative amnesia and often have dissociative fugue. depersonalization-derealization disorder. this involves an ongoing or episodic sense of detachment or being outside yourself — observing your actions
many babies born with atrial septal defects have no signs or symptoms. signs or symptoms can begin in adulthood. atrial septal defect signs and symptoms can include: shortness of breath
many heart attacks have minimal or no symptoms and are found later during routine testing. how is it diagnosed? diagnosing cad starts by talking to your doctor. they'll be able to look at your medical history
many of the spots turn into small blisters filled with clear fluid. later
many of them result in poor development of one or more body systems. growth hormone deficiency is a relatively common cause of proportionate dwarfism. it occurs when the pituitary gland fails to produce an adequate supply of growth hormone
many people don't develop the characteristic whoop. sometimes
many people don't experience signs or symptoms. as disruption of normal blood cell production increases
many people experience no signs or symptoms of a dengue infection. when symptoms do occur
many people may not have any symptoms or infections during this time. hiv this stage can last for many years if you're receiving antiretroviral therapy (art). some people develop more severe disease much sooner. symptomatic hiv infection as the virus continues to multiply and destroy your immune cells — the cells in your body that help fight off germs — you may develop mild infections or chronic signs and symptoms such as: fever fatigue swollen lymph nodes — often one of the first signs of hiv infection diarrhea weight loss oral yeast infection (thrush) shingles (herpes zoster) pneumonia progression to aids access to better antiviral treatments has dramatically decreased deaths from aids worldwide
many people who have fibromuscular dysplasia don't have any symptoms. for those who do
many people with chronic lymphocytic leukemia have no symptoms at first. signs and symptoms might develop as the cancer progresses. they might include: enlarged
many people with peripheral artery disease have mild or no symptoms. some people have leg pain when walking (claudication). claudication symptoms include muscle pain or cramping in the legs or arms that begins during exercise and ends with rest. the pain is most commonly felt in the calf. the pain ranges from mild to severe. severe leg pain may make it hard to walk or do other types of physical activity. other peripheral artery disease symptoms may include: coldness in the lower leg or foot
many people with polycythemia vera don't have noticeable signs or symptoms. some people might develop vague symptoms such as headache
many people with unicentric castleman disease don't notice any signs or symptoms. the enlarged lymph node may be found during a physical exam or an imaging test for some unrelated problem. some people with unicentric castleman disease might have signs and symptoms that are more commonly seen in multicentric castleman disease
many people with von willebrand disease don't know it because the signs are mild or absent. the most common sign of the condition is abnormal bleeding. there are three main types of the disease. the amount of bleeding varies from one person to another
many retinal diseases share some common signs and symptoms. these may include: seeing floating specks or cobwebs blurred or distorted (straight lines look wavy) vision defects in the side vision lost vision you may need to try looking with each eye alone to notice these.
many signs and symptoms of normal grief are the same as those of complicated grief. however
many women who have fibroids don't have any symptoms. in those that do
may also cause intestinal inflammation leading to enlargement of the colon (also called toxic megacolon) and sepsis. sepsis is a life-threatening condition that occurs when the body's response to an infection damages its own tissues. people who have these conditions are admitted to the intensive care unit.
may be a sign. most people with trichotillomania pull hair in private and generally try to hide the disorder from others. for people with trichotillomania
may be first detected as swelling or a mass on a testicle.
may be seen in the teen years. the child may be an underperformer in school or appear socially out of step with peers
may be subtle and difficult to detect. children additional signs and symptoms in children with horner syndrome may include: lighter iris color in the affected eye of a child under the age of 1 change in color on the affected side of the face that would typically appear from heat
may cause symptoms similar to charcot-marie-tooth disease. these other conditions can also cause the symptoms of charcot-marie-tooth disease to become worse. medications such as the chemotherapy drugs vincristine (marqibo)
may cause the following signs and symptoms: obstruction of one or both nostrils. this blockage can make it difficult to breathe through the nostril or nostrils. you may notice this more when you have a cold or allergies that can cause your nasal passages to swell and narrow. nosebleeds. the surface of your nasal septum may become dry
may develop. sleep disorders. children and adults with prader-willi syndrome may have sleep disorders
may develop. underdeveloped sex organs. a condition called hypogonadism occurs when sex organs (testes in men and ovaries in women) produce little or no sex hormones. this results in underdeveloped sex organs
may die in the womb before birth or can die after birth.
may have an articulation or phonological disorder. articulation and phonological disorders are more common than cas. cas articulation or phonological speech errors may include: substituting sounds
may include: a stinging
may include: sad oversleeping appetite changes
may include: trouble sleeping (insomnia) poor appetite weight loss agitation or anxiety increased irritability seasonal changes and bipolar disorder people who have bipolar disorder are at increased risk of seasonal affective disorder. in some people with bipolar disorder
may indicate that you're having a stroke. trouble walking. you may stumble or lose your balance. you may also have sudden dizziness or a loss of coordination.
may last for a few weeks. hiv hiv possible signs and symptoms include: fever headache muscle aches and joint pain rash sore throat and painful mouth sores swollen lymph glands
may last only a few moments or come and go over many years. when to see a doctor some people with dissociative disorders present in a crisis with traumatic flashbacks that are overwhelming or associated with unsafe behavior. people with these symptoms should be seen in an emergency room. if you or a loved one has less urgent symptoms that may indicate a dissociative disorder
may not have any symptoms. hepatitis b signs and symptoms may include: abdominal pain dark urine fever joint pain loss of appetite nausea and vomiting weakness and fatigue yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes
may not have symptoms. in type 1 diabetes
mayo clinic: coronary artery disease
mayo clinic: i'm dr. stephen kopecky
meaning it's present at birth. complications rarely
meaning they can also be caused by other illnesses. because your kidneys can make up for lost function
meaning you can see a bit through the surface. the bump can look pearly white or pink on white skin. on brown and black skin
measles signs and symptoms appear around 10 to 14 days after exposure to the virus. signs and symptoms of measles typically include: fever dry cough runny nose sore throat inflamed eyes (conjunctivitis) tiny white spots with bluish-white centers on a red background found inside the mouth on the inner lining of the cheek — also called koplik's spots a skin rash made up of large
medicines or dietary supplements. iron deficiency anemia. bleeding from polyps can happen slowly over time
melancholy
melanin production may begin or increase during childhood and the teen years
melanocytes
melanoma can occur on skin that hasn't been exposed to the sun. melanoma can affect people of any skin tone. in people with darker skin tones
melanoma tends to occur on the palms or soles
membranes in your airway linings may secrete excess mucus. the result is an asthma attack. during an asthma attack
memory
memory loss
men are generally at a greater risk. but the risk for women increases after menopause. existing health conditions matter
men are more likely to have chest pain. women are more likely to have other symptoms along with chest discomfort
men might have difficulty reaching orgasm during sexual intercourse or other sexual activities with a partner. some men can ejaculate only when masturbating. delayed ejaculation is divided into the following types based on symptoms: lifelong vs. acquired. with lifelong delayed ejaculation
men with hypogonadism can develop: erectile dysfunction infertility decrease in hair growth on the face and body decrease in muscle mass development of breast tissue (gynecomastia) loss of bone mass (osteoporosis) severe hypogonadism can also cause mental and emotional changes. as testosterone decreases
men with infertility may have some signs of hormonal problems
meningitis or skin infections inflammation and infection of internal organs blood disorders
menstrual periods will skip a month and return
meth (methamphetamine)
methadone
methylphenidate (ritalin
middle or ring fingers are affected
might be more obvious after sex. yeast infection. the main symptom is itching
might cause serious signs and symptoms. widow spider bites signs and symptoms of a widow spider bite can include: redness
might cause the foot to slap down onto the floor with each step. in some cases
might include: blurred or cloudy vision
might include: frequent falls difficulty rising from a lying or sitting position trouble running and jumping waddling gait walking on the toes large calf muscles muscle pain and stiffness learning disabilities delayed growth becker muscular dystrophy signs and symptoms are similar to those of duchenne muscular dystrophy
might include: runny or stuffy nose sore throat cough congestion slight body aches or a mild headache sneezing low-grade fever generally feeling unwell the discharge from your nose may start out clear and become thicker and yellow or green as a common cold runs its course. this doesn't usually mean you have a bacterial infection.
migraine aura symptoms include temporary visual or other disturbances that usually strike before other migraine symptoms — such as intense head pain
migraines
mild atherosclerosis usually doesn't have any symptoms. atherosclerosis symptoms usually don't happen until an artery is so narrowed or clogged that it can't supply enough blood to organs and tissues. sometimes a blood clot completely blocks blood flow. the clot may break apart and can trigger a heart attack or stroke. symptoms of moderate to severe atherosclerosis depend on which arteries are affected. for example: if you have atherosclerosis in your heart arteries
mild fever
mild forms of ebstein anomaly might not cause symptoms until later in adulthood. signs and symptoms might include: shortness of breath
mild forms of toxic hepatitis may not cause any symptoms and may be detected only by blood tests. when signs and symptoms of toxic hepatitis occur
mild kyphosis may produce no noticeable signs or symptoms. in fact
mild pain
mild small bowel prolapse may produce no signs or symptoms. however
milk
milk allergy symptoms
milky appearance that resembles water in which rice has been rinsed. nausea and vomiting. vomiting occurs especially in the early stages of cholera and can last for hours. dehydration. dehydration can develop within hours after cholera symptoms start and range from mild to severe. a loss of 10% or more of body weight indicates severe dehydration. signs and symptoms of cholera dehydration include irritability
minerals
minn.: mayo foundation for medical education and research; 2019. comella c. treatment of dystonia. https://www.uptodate.com/contents/search. accessed july 23
miserly control over budgeting and spending money obsessive-compulsive personality disorder is not the same as obsessive-compulsive disorder
mitral
mitral valve regurgitation develops quickly. this condition
mitral valve regurgitation is often mild and progresses slowly. some people with mitral valve regurgitation might not have symptoms for many years. but sometimes
mittelschmerz pain usually lasts a few minutes to a few hours
moderate and advanced stages of progression. mild signs and symptoms itching in your ear canal slight redness inside your ear mild discomfort that's made worse by pulling on your outer ear (pinna or auricle) or pushing on the little "bump" in front of your ear (tragus) some drainage of clear
moderate or severe
moderate or severe pain is the most common symptom
moderate or severe.
moderate or severe. some people are healthy while others have significant health problems such as serious heart defects. children and adults with down syndrome have distinct facial features. though not all people with down syndrome have the same features
moderate or severe: odd mild. symptoms occur only in one setting
moist skin weight loss
moist skin. thinning skin. fine
molar pregnancy open pop-up dialog box close molar pregnancy molar pregnancy during a molar pregnancy
mold spores
moles open pop-up dialog box close moles moles moles are usually harmless. they may contain hairs or become raised or wrinkled. talk to your doctor about any change in the color or size of a mole or if itching
molluscum contagiosum signs and symptoms include: raised
monthly cramping or chronic abdominal pain may occur. the ovaries typically are fully developed and functional
months or longer — some people have periods when they experience no pain pain in areas supplied by the trigeminal nerve
months or years at a time. rarely
months or years. dissociative identity disorder. formerly known as multiple personality disorder
months or years. the problem often resolves on its own but may appear again at a later time. when to see a doctor geographic tongue is a minor — although sometimes uncomfortable — condition. however
mood and motor changes. cte cte cte cognitive impairment difficulty thinking (cognitive impairment) memory loss problems with planning
mood changes or problems concentrating the mast cells are triggered to produce substances that cause inflammation and symptoms. people have different triggers
mood swings
more common condition called periodic limb movement of sleep
more common conditions. signs and symptoms of ovarian cancer may include: abdominal bloating or swelling quickly feeling full when eating weight loss discomfort in the pelvic area fatigue back pain changes in bowel habits
more common in children and young adults
more commonly in children
more important than the specific physical symptoms you experience is the way you interpret and react to the symptoms and how they impact your daily life.
more research needs to be done. avm one severe type of brain avm involves the vein of galen. it causes signs and symptoms that emerge soon or immediately after birth. the major blood vessel involved in this type of brain avm can cause fluid to build up in the brain and the head to swell. it can also cause swollen veins that are visible on the scalp
more than half the adults with celiac disease have signs and symptoms unrelated to the digestive system
more typical signs and symptoms of the disorder begin to appear. signs and symptoms may include: delusions. these are false beliefs that are not based in reality. for example
morphine
most adult men with gynecomastia report no symptoms. signs and symptoms of the condition may include: pain
most are found in the first trimester. if it is not found in the first three months
most canker sores are round or oval with a white or yellow center and a red border. they form inside your mouth — on or under your tongue
most commonly on your face and eyelids and on your knuckles
most commonly the bones
most commonly your fingers
most growth plate fractures occur in bones of the fingers
most healthy people who are infected with cmv may experience no symptoms. some experience minor symptoms. people who are more likely to experience signs and symptoms of cmv include: cmv cmv newborns who became infected with cmv before they were born (congenital cmv). infants who become infected during birth or shortly afterward (perinatal cmv). this group includes babies infected through breast milk. people who have weakened immune systems
most kids are fully toilet trained by age 5
most miscarriages occur before the 12th week of pregnancy. signs and symptoms of a miscarriage might include: vaginal spotting or bleeding pain or cramping in your abdomen or lower back fluid or tissue passing from your vagina if you have passed fetal tissue from your vagina
most of the disorders associated with metabolic syndrome don't have obvious signs or symptoms. one sign that is visible is a large waist circumference. and if your blood sugar is high
most often
most often around the neck or in the armpits and groin unintended weight loss
most often in the calf. cramps usually last for seconds to minutes. after the cramp eases
most often occurs in the uvea — the layer beneath the white of the eye (sclera). an eye melanoma may cause vision changes and may be diagnosed during an eye exam.
most often on the face
most often on the inner forearm
most often on your shins or the tops of your feet.
most often related to eating spicy or acidic foods many people with geographic tongue have no symptoms. geographic tongue can continue for days
most often starting at the base of the skull tenderness or pain in the shoulder
most often the liver. prevention it's not clear what may help to reduce the risk of small bowel cancer
most ovarian cysts cause no symptoms and go away on their own. but a large ovarian cyst can cause: pelvic pain that may come and go. you may feel a dull ache or a sharp pain in the area below your bellybutton toward one side. fullness
most people experience no symptoms. when symptoms do occur
most people exposed to the cholera bacterium (vibrio cholerae) don't become ill and don't know they've been infected. but because they shed cholera bacteria in their stool for seven to 14 days
most people have between 10 and 40 moles. moles may change in appearance over time and some may even disappear with age. unusual moles that may indicate melanoma to help you identify characteristics of unusual moles that may indicate melanomas or other skin cancers
most people have no symptoms associated with flatfeet. but some people with flatfeet experience foot pain
most people have: the feeling of having been kicked in the calf pain
most people infected with ascariasis have no signs or symptoms. moderate to heavy infestations cause various signs or symptoms
most people infected with toxoplasmosis do not have any symptoms. they often don't know they're infected. some people have flu-like symptoms
most people who have high blood pressure don't have an adrenal tumor. talk to your health care provider if any of these factors apply to you: difficulty controlling high blood pressure with current treatment spells of worsening high blood pressure a family history of pheochromocytoma a family history of a related genetic disorder: multiple endocrine neoplasia
most people who have paget's disease of bone have no symptoms. when symptoms occur
most people with adult still's disease have a combination of the following signs and symptoms: fever. you might have a daily fever of at least 102 f (38.9 c) for a week or longer. the fever usually peaks in the late afternoon or early evening. you might have two fever spikes daily
most people with binge-eating disorder are overweight or obese
most people with colon polyps do not have any symptoms. you might not know you have a polyp until your health care provider finds it during an exam of your colon. however
most people with goiters have no signs or symptoms other than a swelling at the base of the neck. in many cases
most people with h. pylori infection will never have any signs or symptoms. it's not clear why many people don't have symptoms. but some people may be born with more resistance to the harmful effects of h. pylori. h. pylori h. pylori when signs or symptoms do occur with h. pylori infection
most people with hepatopulmonary syndrome have no symptoms. if symptoms occur
most people with high blood pressure have no symptoms
most people with hiv in the u.s. today don't develop aids. untreated
most people with parvovirus infection have no signs or symptoms. when symptoms do appear
most people with sick sinus syndrome have few or no symptoms. symptoms may be mild or come and go — making them difficult to recognize at first. signs and symptoms of sick sinus syndrome may include: a sensation of rapid
most people with trichomoniasis have no signs or symptoms. however
most septal displacements result in no symptoms
most small hiatal hernias cause no signs or symptoms. but larger hiatal hernias can cause: heartburn regurgitation of food or liquids into the mouth backflow of stomach acid into the esophagus (acid reflux) difficulty swallowing chest or abdominal pain feeling full soon after you eat shortness of breath vomiting of blood or passing of black stools
mostly near my nose and lips. they are painful and have a yellow or rust-colored discharge.
mostly on your upper body a chilled feeling as the hot flash lets up feelings of anxiety the frequency and intensity of hot flashes vary among women. a single episode may last a minute or two — or as long as 5 minutes. hot flashes may be mild or so intense that they disrupt daily activities. they can happen at any time of day or night. nighttime hot flashes (night sweats) may wake you from sleep and can cause long-term sleep disruptions. how often hot flashes occur varies among women
mouth
mouth and neck.
mouth and throat seizures headaches
movement stiffness
movements you can't control
moving
moving or balancing well frequent smiling and laughter happy
mucoid sputum
mucoid sputum and have a high fever.
mucusy saliva. i feel really tired and weak.
mucusy saliva. i've been feeling really tired
mucusy stuff
mucusy stuff and have a fever. i'm just feeling really drained and tired.
mucusy stuff and i have a fever. i'm just so tired from all of this.
mucusy stuff. i have a fever
mucusy stuff. it's been really hard to deal with all of this.
muffled or throaty voice bad breath stomachache neck pain or stiff neck headache in young children who are unable to describe how they feel
mulch or hay. cgd it's also common for people with cgd to experience infections of the skin
multiple endocrine neoplasia
multiple myeloma
multiple sclerosis or stroke. bipolar ii disorder is not a milder form of bipolar i disorder
multiple symptoms or varying symptoms mild
multiple system atrophy (msa) affects many parts of your body. symptoms usually start in adulthood
mumps open pop-up dialog box close mumps mumps a common symptom of mumps is painful swelling on one or both sides of the face. mumps open pop-up dialog box mumps open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close mumps mumps a common symptom of mumps is painful swelling on one or both sides of the face. close mumps mumps a common symptom of mumps is painful swelling on one or both sides of the face. close mumps mumps a common symptom of mumps is painful swelling on one or both sides of the face. close close close mumps mumps a common symptom of mumps is painful swelling on one or both sides of the face. mumps a common symptom of mumps is painful swelling on one or both sides of the face. a common symptom of mumps is painful swelling on one or both sides of the face. symptoms of mumps show up about 2 to 3 weeks after exposure to the virus. some people may have no symptoms or very mild symptoms. the first symptoms may be similar to flu symptoms such as: fever. headache. muscle aches or pain. not wanting to eat. tiredness. swelling of the salivary glands usually starts within a few days. symptoms may include: swelling of one or both glands on the sides of the face. pain or tenderness around the swelling. less often
muscle aches
muscle aches and other flu-like symptoms (with acute bacterial prostatitis)
muscle and back pain headache brucellosis symptoms may disappear for weeks or months and then return. some people have chronic brucellosis and experience symptoms for years
muscle cramping and swelling in the lower legs worsened pain after sitting or standing for a long time itching around one or more of the veins changes in skin color around a varicose vein spider veins are similar to varicose veins
muscle cramps
muscle cramps occur mostly in leg muscles
muscle pain
muscle pain and weakness can be severe. this can limit moving
muscle relaxation
muscle rigidity
muscle rippling that looks like a "bag of worms
muscle wasting
muscle weakness
muscle weakness can come and go. however
muscle weakness can turn into paralysis. signs and symptoms of guillain-barre syndrome may include: a pins and needles sensation in your fingers
muscle weakness caused by myasthenia gravis worsens as the affected muscle is used. because symptoms usually improve with rest
muscle weakness or obvious skeletal deformities.
muscular tube stretching from the back of your mouth to your stomach (candida esophagitis). if this occurs
my chest discomfort gets worse. my chest hurts a lot.
my chest hurts
my chest hurts and i feel sick.
my chest hurts and my heart feels like it's racing. i've also been coughing up a lot of nasty
my eyes are red and watery
my eyes hurt
my heart is racing
my joints are swollen
my joints have been hurting a lot lately. i've been having a lot of trouble moving around and it's been really painful to walk.
my legs are swollen and the veins are protruding from my skin. they are painful and make it difficult to sleep at night.
my legs have been swollen for a few days. i can see the veins bulging out of my skin. this is not normal for me.
my legs hurt a lot when i stand or walk for a long time. i get cramps when i do physical activities. i also have bruise marks on my legs.
my mouth tastes bad
my muscles are weak
my muscles are weak and i have back pain. i've been feeling lightheaded and dizzy
my muscles are weak and my neck is stiff. my joints are swollen
my muscles are weak and my neck is stiff. my joints are swollen and it hurts to walk.
my muscles are weak and my neck is tight. i have swollen joints and it is hard to move around without getting stiff. it is also hard to walk.
my muscles have been feeling weak and my joints have been swollen. it has been hard to move around and it hurts to walk.
my muscles have been weak
my muscles have been weak and my neck has been stiff. my joints have swollen and it's hard to move without getting stiff. walking is uncomfortable too.
my muscles have been weak and my neck is tight. i have swollen joints that make it hard to move and walking is painful.
my neck has been really tight and my muscles have felt weak. i can't move around without getting stiff and my joints are swollen. walking is really uncomfortable.
my neck has been tight and weak lately. i can't run without my joints getting tight
my neck has been very tight and my muscles have felt quite weak recently. it's tough for me to move around without getting stiff because of my swollen joints. walking has also been very uncomfortable.
my neck is really stiff
my neck is stiff
my neck muscles have been tight and weak lately. i've also been having trouble running and walking because my joints are stiff.
my nose is always stuffy and congested
my pee is dark and bloody and has a very bad smell. i have been having temperature fluctuations and can't sleep at night
my skin has been acting up lately
my skin is dry and flaky
my skin is itchy and red. sometimes
my skin is really itchy
my taste is off
my throat is full of mucus
my veins are bulging and painful. i can't stand for long periods of time
mydayis) and dextroamphetamine (dexedrine) signs and symptoms of prescription drug abuse opioids constipation nausea feeling high slowed breathing rate drowsiness confusion poor coordination increased dose needed for pain relief worsening or increased sensitivity to pain with higher doses anti-anxiety medicines and sedatives drowsiness confusion unsteady walking slurred speech poor concentration dizziness problems with memory slowed breathing stimulants increased alertness feeling high irregular heartbeat high blood pressure high body temperature reduced appetite insomnia agitation anxiety paranoia other signs forging
mydayis). they're often used and misused in search of a "high
myelodysplastic syndromes might cause: fatigue shortness of breath unusual paleness (pallor)
myelofibrosis usually develops slowly. in its very early stages
myocarditis symptoms are like a heart attack. if you are having unexplained chest pain and shortness of breath
n.y.: the mcgraw-hill companies; 2012. http://www.accessmedicine.com. accessed july 6
narcolepsy or mental illness. a thorough examination and testing are needed to distinguish epilepsy from other disorders. generalized seizures seizures that appear to involve all areas of the brain are called generalized seizures. six types of generalized seizures exist. absence seizures. absence seizures
narrow roof of the mouth (palate) arms that turn outward at the elbows fingernails and toenails that are narrow and turned upward swelling of the hands and feet
narrowing your blood flow. high cholesterol levels can increase the rate of plaque buildup. diabetes is also associated with higher risk
nasal congestion
nasal congestion or trouble breathing abdominal pain
nasal polyps are associated with irritation and swelling (inflammation) of the lining of your nasal passages and sinuses that lasts more than 12 weeks (chronic sinusitis). however
nasopharyngeal carcinoma may not cause any symptoms. possible noticeable symptoms of nasopharyngeal carcinoma include: a lump in your neck caused by a swollen lymph node blood in your saliva bloody discharge from your nose nasal congestion or ringing in your ears hearing loss frequent ear infections sore throat headaches
nausea
nausea and diarrhea delayed growth and development autoimmune disorders
nausea and extreme fatigue. symptoms of coronary artery disease can include: chest pain
nausea and vomiting
nausea and vomiting asthma signs and symptoms such as coughing
nausea and vomiting headache muscle pain or spasms faintness
nausea and vomiting. other davf symptoms can include hearing issues
nausea or vomiting anemia or bleeding disorders bone and muscle pain enlarged liver
nausea or vomiting diarrhea anaphylaxis anaphylaxis for some people
nausea or vomiting dizziness
nauseated
near a joint when to see a doctor if you suspect a fracture
nearby blood vessels
nearly every day and may include: feelings of sadness
nearly every day losing interest in activities you once enjoyed having low energy and feeling sluggish having problems with sleeping too much experiencing carbohydrate cravings
nearsightedness and other vision problems
nearsightedness signs or symptoms may include: blurry vision when looking at distant objects the need to squint or partially close the eyelids to see clearly headaches eyestrain children may have difficulty seeing things on white boards or screen projections in the classroom. younger children might not express difficulty seeing
neck
neck and arms.
neck and ears. this is an allergic reaction to louse bites. when a person has head lice for the first time
neck and eye movements drooling sweating nausea and vomiting high blood pressure (hypertension) accelerated heart rate (tachycardia) restlessness or excitability
neck and face a flushed appearance with red
neck and shoulders. scratching can lead to small
neck and shoulders. scratching can lead to small red bumps that can sometimes get infected with bacteria. bite marks
neck and trunk. sebaceous gland carcinoma. this uncommon and aggressive cancer originates in the oil glands in the skin. sebaceous gland carcinomas — which usually appear as hard
neck and upper arms
neck or arm. focal dystonia that begins after age 21 usually starts in the neck
neck or back uncommon symptoms might include: numbness or tingling inability to pass urine severe symptoms involve respiratory failure
neck or ear pain or discomfort with hot and cold temperatures pain or discomfort with the pressure of chewing or biting fever swelling in your face
neck or face pain or soreness pain that feels like an earache
neck or jaw nausea or vomiting indigestion shortness of breath (dyspnea) sudden
neck or shoulder injuries. risk factors risk factors for cervical dystonia include: age. while the disorder can occur in people of any age
neck or side of your head complete blockage of your ear canal redness or swelling of your outer ear swelling in the lymph nodes in your neck fever
neck pain
needing more of the drug to get the same effect taking larger amounts of the drug over a longer period of time than you intended making certain that you maintain a supply of the drug spending money on the drug
negative changes in thinking and mood
neither one of you is necessarily outside the norm for people at your stage in life — although your differences may cause distress. similarly
nephrogenic systemic fibrosis can begin days to months
nerve cell (neuron) open pop-up dialog box close nerve cell (neuron) nerve cell (neuron) the basic unit of communication in the nervous system is the nerve cell (neuron). each nerve cell consists of the cell body
nerve roots can become compressed. this can cause pain
nerves
nervous
net-like pattern. less common signs and symptoms include: neurological symptoms. chronic headaches
neuroendocrine tumor signs and symptoms might include: pain from a growing tumor a growing lump you can feel under the skin feeling unusually tired losing weight without trying neuroendocrine tumors that produce excess hormones (functional tumors) might cause: skin flushing diarrhea frequent urination increased thirst dizziness shakiness skin rash
neuroendocrine tumors don't always cause signs and symptoms at first. the symptoms you might experience depend on the location of your tumor and whether it produces excess hormones. in general
neurologists and psychiatrists. it's suspected that many cases of pseudobulbar affect go unreported and undiagnosed due to a lack of awareness about the condition.
never to be used. items also may be donated
new episodes of accidental daytime wetting also may be a sign of a urinary tract infection (uti). nighttime bed-wetting on its own isn't likely to happen because of a uti.
night sweats
nipple changes open pop-up dialog box close nipple changes nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. nipple changes open pop-up dialog box nipple changes open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close nipple changes nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. close nipple changes nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. close nipple changes nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. close close close nipple changes nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. paget's disease of the breast affects your nipple and usually the skin (areola) surrounding it. it's easy to mistake the signs and symptoms of paget's disease of the breast for skin irritation (dermatitis) or another noncancerous (benign) skin condition. possible signs and symptoms of paget's disease of the breast include: flaky or scaly skin on your nipple crusty
nipple changes open pop-up dialog box close nipple changes nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. nipple changes open pop-up dialog box nipple changes open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close nipple changes nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. close nipple changes nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. close nipple changes nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. close close close nipple changes nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. nipple changes breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. breast and nipple changes can be a sign of breast cancer. make an appointment with your doctor if you notice anything unusual. signs and symptoms of breast cancer may include: a breast lump or thickening that feels different from the surrounding tissue change in the size
no appetite
no matter how mild the reaction. tests can help confirm milk allergy
no matter what might be the cause.
no signs or symptoms of susceptibility to malignant hyperthermia exist until you're exposed to certain drugs used for anesthesia. signs and symptoms of malignant hyperthermia may vary and can occur during anesthesia or during recovery shortly after surgery. they can include: severe muscle rigidity or spasms rapid
no signs or symptoms of the condition occur until you get the muscle relaxant succinylcholine. this medication is used as part of anesthesia. signs and symptoms of pseudocholinesterase deficiency include muscle relaxation or muscle paralysis that lasts several hours longer than expected. during that time
nodal skin eruptions
nodular breakouts. it has been happening for several days and is getting worse.
nonallergic rhinitis symptoms often come and go year-round. your symptoms might include: stuffy or runny nose. sneezing. mucus in the throat. cough. nonallergic rhinitis most often doesn't cause an itchy nose
noncancerous breast tumors that are smooth and move easily under your skin when touched. a fibroadenoma may grow larger. factors that may be associated with fibroadenoma growth include being pregnant
noninfected bartholin's cyst
nonparalytic polio symptoms may include: neck pain or stiffness aches or stiffness in the arms or legs severe headache a second phase of symptoms may follow
nose
nose and ears. it's difficult to predict how this disease will progress. sometimes the patches stop forming without treatment. in most cases
nose and throat watery eyes dry
nose and tongue coarse
nose or forehead reduced sense of smell and taste other signs and symptoms can include: ear pain headache aching in your upper jaw and teeth cough or throat clearing sore throat bad breath fatigue chronic sinusitis and acute sinusitis have similar signs and symptoms. but acute sinusitis is a temporary infection of the sinuses often associated with a cold. the signs and symptoms of chronic sinusitis last at least 12 weeks
nose or forehead that worsens when bending over other signs and symptoms include: ear pressure headache aching in your teeth altered sense of smell cough bad breath fatigue fever
nose or rectum
nosebleeds
not all children carrying extra pounds are overweight. some children have larger than average body frames. and children normally carry different amounts of body fat at the various stages of development. so you might not know by how your child looks if weight is a health concern. the body mass index (bmi)
not associated with a menstrual period
not clusters of pigment-forming cells (nevi). dermatoses papulosa nigra are more common among black women. flesh moles don't carry a risk of melanoma
not seeing or feeling a testicle where you would expect it to be in the scrotum is the main sign of an undescended testicle. testicles form in the abdomen during fetal development. during the last couple of months of normal fetal development
notched or scalloped borders — characteristics of melanomas. c is for changes in color. look for growths that have many colors or an uneven distribution of color. d is for diameter. look for new growth in a mole larger than 1/4 inch (about 6 millimeters). e is for evolving. look for changes over time
notched or scalloped borders. c is for color. look for growths that have changed color
noticeable changes in temperature and hypersensitivity (particularly to cold and touch) usually occur first. over time
noticeable symptoms can be characterized either as aggressive or benign. davf aggressive davf symptoms can result either from bleeding in the brain (intracerebral hemorrhage) or from neurological effects of nonhemorrhaging neurological deficits (nhnds). aggressive davf symptoms davf bleeding in the brain often causes a sudden headache with varying degrees of neurological disability related to the location and size of the hemorrhage. by contrast
nuclear war or other catastrophic events a child or teen with excessive worry may: feel overly anxious to fit in be a perfectionist redo tasks because they aren't perfect the first time spend excessive time doing homework lack confidence strive for approval require a lot of reassurance about performance have frequent stomachaches or other physical complaints avoid going to school or avoid social situations when to see a doctor some anxiety is normal
numb or tingling. sweating too much. sudden flushing or chills. upset stomach or diarrhea. feeling a loss of control. fear of dying.
numbers and colors difficulty learning nursery rhymes or playing rhyming games school age once your child is in school
numbness
numbness and weakness in the arms
numbness or muscle weakness.
numbness or paralysis vision loss difficulty speaking confusion or inability to understand others severe unsteadiness signs and symptoms of a brain avm may begin at any age but usually emerge between ages 10 and 40. brain avms can damage brain tissue over time. the effects slowly build and often cause symptoms in early adulthood. avm avm by middle age
obesity
obscene or swear words barking barking in addition
obscene or swear words barking common vocal tics seen in tourette syndrome simple tics complex tics simple tics complex tics simple tics complex tics grunting repeating one's own words or phrases coughing repeating others' words or phrases throat clearing using vulgar
obscene or swear words barking grunting repeating one's own words or phrases grunting repeating one's own words or phrases coughing repeating others' words or phrases coughing repeating others' words or phrases throat clearing using vulgar
obscene or swear words throat clearing using vulgar
obstructing blood flow. there are a number of risk factors
occasionally. these spells can happen because of activities or conditions
occur a few minutes to a few hours after you or your child drinks milk or eats milk products. immediate signs and symptoms of milk allergy might include: hives wheezing itching or tingling feeling around the lips or mouth swelling of the lips
occurring over weeks or months. symptoms of rett syndrome occur
occurs more than once within 24 hours or is confined to one side of your child's body. febrile seizures most often occur within 24 hours of the onset of a fever and can be the first sign that a child is ill.
occurs when blood flow through the arteries of the penis isn't working properly. however
occurs when the spine doesn't close properly around the spinal cord
odd facial expressions and long bouts of laughter
odor or amount of discharge from your vagina vaginal itching or irritation pain during sex painful urination light vaginal bleeding or spotting if you have vaginal discharge
odor-free vaginal discharge with a cottage cheese appearance watery vaginal discharge complicated yeast infection you might have a complicated yeast infection if: you have severe signs and symptoms
odorless fluid moderate progression more-intense itching increasing pain more-extensive redness in your ear excessive fluid drainage feeling of fullness inside your ear and partial blockage of your ear canal by swelling
of monsters or of being left alone
often
often along creases or folds in the skin skin around the blisters that is normal
often appearing in pairs. painful pea-sized lumps. the condition usually starts with a single
often appearing like cords on the legs when painful signs and symptoms of varicose veins occur
often around the nose and mouth. the sores quickly rupture
often as a reaction to interpersonal stress suicidal behavior or threats of self-injury intense fear of being alone or abandoned ongoing feelings of emptiness frequent
often as high as 104 to 105.8 f (40 to 41 c). recovery. the measles rash may last about seven days. the rash gradually fades first from the face and last from the thighs and feet. as other symptoms of the illness go away
often associated with menstrual periods. although many experience cramping during their menstrual periods
often becoming more disturbing as the dream unfolds. your dream storyline is usually related to threats to safety or survival
often causing cold hands or feet sleep disorders agitated sleep due to "acting out" dreams abnormal breathing at night or a harsh breathing sound (stridor) sexual dysfunction inability to achieve or maintain an erection (impotence) loss of libido cardiovascular problems color changes in hands and feet caused by pooling of blood psychiatric problems difficulty controlling emotions
often coming one right after another abdominal pain and back pain often begin suddenly. the amount of vaginal bleeding can vary greatly
often described as a dull ache
often described as a fishy odor
often described as a shuffling gait or the feeling of the feet being stuck poor coordination or balance
often described as a tearing or ripping sensation
often described as aching
often due to poor sleep hay fever triggers your hay fever signs and symptoms may occur year-round or may start or worsen at a particular time of year (seasonal). hay fever triggers include: tree pollen
often foul-smelling discharge from the vagina — which might be clear
often getting larger over time with joint movement. pain. ganglion cysts usually are painless. but if a cyst presses on a nerve or other structures
often in a wedge-shaped pattern generally feeling ill fever of 101 f (38.3 c) or greater
often in response to fear of separation or rejection wide mood swings lasting from a few hours to a few days
often in time with your heartbeat. this is called pulsatile tinnitus. if you have pulsatile tinnitus
often increasing during exercise sensations of a rapid
often lasting just half a day. a staph infection in food usually doesn't cause a fever. signs and symptoms you can expect with this type of staph infection include: nausea and vomiting diarrhea dehydration low blood pressure bacteremia also known as a bloodstream infection
often low grade fatigue and weakness malnutrition is common in people with alcoholic hepatitis. drinking large amounts of alcohol suppresses the appetite
often of small amounts
often on only one side of the body sudden trouble speaking and understanding sudden trouble seeing in one or both eyes sudden dizziness or loss of balance sudden
often on the belly
often on your feet or hands. sores or blistering. swelling. pain or stinging. changes in skin color.
often over days to weeks. signs and symptoms of paraneoplastic syndromes of the nervous system often begin even before a cancer is diagnosed. signs and symptoms vary depending on the body part being injured
often over months. the disease can move so slowly that people who have it may ignore the symptoms at first. then a stress
often painful rash can be caused by staph bacteria. impetigo usually has large blisters that may ooze fluid and develop a honey-colored crust. cellulitis. cellulitis is an infection of the deeper layers of skin. it causes redness and swelling on the surface of your skin. sores or areas of oozing discharge may develop
often radiating to other parts of your body back pain that's worse at night loss of sensation or muscle weakness
often radiating to other parts of your body feeling less sensitive to pain
often severe and usually worse at night thin
often showing up 1 to 3 weeks after exposure to the bacteria. early illness early symptoms include: fever that starts low and increases throughout the day
often taking advantage of others envy of others or belief that others envy you cluster c personality disorders cluster c personality disorders are characterized by anxious
often the big toe shortness of breath and difficulty breathing when lying down
often the only sign of a hydrocele is a painless swelling of one or both testicles. the swelling might make an adult's scrotum feel heavy. in general
often violent behavior disregard for the safety of self or others impulsive behavior consistently irresponsible lack of remorse for behavior borderline personality disorder impulsive and risky behavior
often when exercising sensation of rapid
often while straining during a bowel movement. the mass may slip back inside the anus
often with a darker spot in the middle itchy arranged in a rough line or in a cluster located on the face
often with a persistent cough
often with a wide separation between the middle and ring fingers limited mobility at the elbows a disproportionately large head
often with blood or pus rectal bleeding — passing small amount of blood with stool abdominal pain and cramping rectal pain urgency to defecate inability to defecate despite urgency weight loss fatigue fever in children
often with chills very sore and red throat
often your hand or fingers. you may rub your thumb and forefinger back and forth. this is known as a pill-rolling tremor. your hand may tremble when it's at rest. the shaking may decrease when you are performing tasks. slowed movement (bradykinesia). over time
oily
older adult or have diabetes.
older adults
older people and people with diabetes — include: neck or jaw pain shoulder or arm pain a fast heartbeat shortness of breath when you are physically active nausea and vomiting sweating fatigue
oligoarticular and polyarticular. which type your child has depends on symptoms
on a dare
on brown or black skin oozing and crusting thickened skin darkening of the skin around the eyes raw
on the cervix or in the vagina. in men
on their hands and face. calcium deposits can form under the skin
once you become infected with whooping cough
one of the most common signs of primary immunodeficiency is having infections that are more frequent
one or both of your arms
one side of your mouth may droop when you try to smile. problems seeing in one or both eyes. you may suddenly have blurred or blackened vision in one or both eyes
one that's often associated with localized breast pain and inflammation of the skin. breast cancer. a breast lump that's painless
ongoing behavior problems
only one vocal cord is paralyzed. paralysis of both of your vocal cords is a rare but serious condition. this can cause difficulties with speech and significant problems with breathing and swallowing. signs and symptoms of vocal cord paralysis may include: a breathy quality to the voice hoarseness noisy breathing shortness of breath loss of vocal pitch choking or coughing while swallowing food
ooze for a few days and then form a honey-colored crust. sores can spread to other areas of the body through touch
oozing or hardened skin resembling eczema on the nipple
oozing.
open sores can occur on the scrotum or the vulva. the sores are usually painful and can leave scars. eyes. inflammation in the eye (uveitis) causes redness
optic neuritis usually affects one eye. symptoms might include: pain. most people who develop optic neuritis have eye pain that's worsened by eye movement. sometimes the pain feels like a dull ache behind the eye. vision loss in one eye. most people have at least some temporary reduction in vision
or a breast lump pain or a burning sensation continuously or while breast-feeding skin redness
or a cardiac ct scan. cad ct how is it treated? treating coronary artery disease usually means making changes to your lifestyle. this might be eating healthier foods
or a cardiac ct scan. how is it treated? treating coronary artery disease usually means making changes to your lifestyle. this might be eating healthier foods
or a change in diet or exercise habits — but it's best to get evaluated whenever your menstrual cycle changes. even if you don't mind not having periods
or a drop in grades or work performance physical health issues — lack of energy and motivation
or a heightened awareness and clarity of your surroundings distortions in perception of time
or a lack of pigment (hypopigmentation) causing hair
or a locked jaw that won't open or close completely jaw
or a nipple that begins to turn inward discharge from your nipple
or a person may seem to be getting better for a few days before a second phase starts. these symptoms include: stiffness of the spine and neck decreased reflexes muscle weakness paralytic polio this most serious form of the disease is rare. the disease begins much like nonparalytic polio. but it progresses to more-severe signs and symptoms
or a rapid
or a stream that stops and starts. dribbling at the end of urination. not being able to fully empty the bladder. less common symptoms include: urinary tract infection. not being able to pee. blood in the urine. the symptoms of bph tend to slowly get worse. but sometimes they stay the same or even improve over time. bph the size of the prostate doesn't always determine how serious the symptoms are. some people with slightly enlarged prostates can have major symptoms. others who have very enlarged prostates can have minor problems. and some people with enlarged prostates don't have any symptoms at all. other possible causes of urinary symptoms some other health problems can lead to symptoms that are like those caused by enlarged prostate. these include: urinary tract infection. inflamed prostate. narrowing of the urethra
or absent and marked only by a slight indentation where a vaginal opening would typically be located. there may be no uterus or one that's only partially developed. if there's tissue lining the uterus (endometrium)
or acute
or after surgery or dental work many large or deep bruises unusual bleeding after vaccinations pain
or as long as several months or longer after you finish taking the antibiotic.
or be absolutely convinced that they're true. the more convinced you are of your beliefs
or be limited to a few small spots. atopic dermatitis on the chest inflammation caused by atopic dermatitis can cover large areas of the body
or be limited to a few small spots. atopic dermatitis on the chest open pop-up dialog box atopic dermatitis on the chest open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close atopic dermatitis on the chest atopic dermatitis on the chest inflammation caused by atopic dermatitis can cover large areas of the body
or be limited to a few small spots. close atopic dermatitis on the chest atopic dermatitis on the chest inflammation caused by atopic dermatitis can cover large areas of the body
or be limited to a few small spots. close close close atopic dermatitis on the chest atopic dermatitis on the chest inflammation caused by atopic dermatitis can cover large areas of the body
or be limited to a few small spots. infantile eczema open pop-up dialog box close infantile eczema infantile eczema atopic dermatitis in infants (infantile eczema) appears here as red
or be limited to a few small spots. inflammation caused by atopic dermatitis can cover large areas of the body
or bedtime anxiety about having another nightmare problems with concentration or memory
or being underweight. in teens
or bones of your spine. vertebral tumor signs and symptoms may include: pain at the site of the tumor due to tumor growth back pain
or both
or both. other mental health disorders
or brain structures may also cause problems. as the tumor grows
or causes injury or disease in another person with the intention of deceiving others. people with this disorder present another person as sick
or certain medical procedures like angioplasty or coronary artery bypass surgery. what now? discovering you have coronary artery disease can be overwhelming. but be encouraged. there are things you can do to manage and live with this condition. reducing cholesterol
or changes to existing moles changes in bowel or bladder habits persistent cough or trouble breathing difficulty swallowing hoarseness persistent indigestion or discomfort after eating persistent
or confide in a trusted relative or friend. or contact a suicide hotline. in the u.s.
or constipation an enlarged tongue
or cutting back on social or recreational activities because of drug use continuing to use the drug
or decrease or increase in appetite (in children
or difficulty maintaining an erection (erectile dysfunction) pain
or difficulty swallowing. limbic encephalitis. this is inflammation affecting a region of the brain known as the limbic system
or doesn't add hand or head movements that normally occur when speaking. also
or drinking to avoid these symptoms alcohol use disorder can include periods of being drunk (alcohol intoxication) and symptoms of withdrawal. alcohol intoxication results as the amount of alcohol in your bloodstream increases. the higher the blood alcohol concentration is
or drooping muscles in your face. these signal a transient ischemic attack (tia). untreated
or drowsiness. encephalomyelitis. this syndrome refers to inflammation of the brain and spinal cord. there may be a wide variety of symptoms and signs depending on the area affected. opsoclonus-myoclonus. this syndrome is due to dysfunction of the cerebellum or its connections. it can cause rapid
or eating frozen food or even garbage
or emotions inappropriate for the situation strange anxieties and fears excessive suspicion of others later signs and symptoms as children with schizophrenia age
or even faint
or even secretly returned to the place from which they were stolen. urges to steal may come and go or may occur with greater or lesser intensity over the course of time.
or even your teeth and jaw increasing episodes of chest pain shortness of breath sweating lightheadedness or sudden dizziness nausea and vomiting seek medical attention quickly when having these signs or symptoms to decrease your risk of developing cardiogenic shock.
or every five years if they also get the hpv dna test at the same time. women over 65 can stop testing if they've had three normal pap tests in a row
or experience blurring and double vision. this difficulty with focusing the eyes can make some people spill food or appear disinterested in conversation because of poor eye contact. additional signs and symptoms of progressive supranuclear palsy vary and may mimic those of parkinson's disease and dementia. they generally get worse over time and may include: stiffness (especially of the neck) and awkward movements falling
or extreme feelings of guilt extreme mood changes of highs and lows withdrawal from friends and activities significant tiredness
or fastening buttons. autonomic (aw-tuh-nom-ik) nerves. this group of nerves regulates activities that are not controlled consciously
or feeling anxious or stressed. the type of hyperhidrosis that usually affects the hands
or feeling like you could throw up. stomachache or stomach pain. not wanting to eat. loose stools. diarrhea. weight loss. gas. hunger pains. cravings for salty food. larval cyst infection symptoms of larval cyst infection depend on where they are causing disease in the body. larval cysts in the brain or spine. these may cause: headache. seizures. dizziness. nerve pain in the spine or limbs. muscle weakness. poor coordination. changes in thinking or behaviors. larval cysts in other organs. these can affect how well the organ works. for example
or female orgasmic disorder
or from the mouth
or get stronger
or have changes in their usual eating and sleeping patterns. these are the same symptoms that mothers with postpartum depression experience. fathers who are young
or have difficulty breathing and eating. when to see a doctor see your doctor if you have difficulty breathing
or having physical fights
or if you develop a skin infection from scratching the bites.
or if you experience other symptoms of a scrotal mass. some scrotal masses are more common in children. see your doctor if your child experiences symptoms of a scrotal mass
or if you feel you're having trouble getting your life back under control
or if you have a headache condition such as migraine. for example
or if you have concerns about the signs or symptoms listed above. causes most cases of systemic mastocytosis are caused by a random change (mutation) in the kit gene. typically this flaw in the kit gene is not inherited. too many mast cells are produced and build up in tissues and body organs
or if you have severe pain with menstruation or experience repeated miscarriages.
or if you have to stop sexual activity due to fatigue
or if your child is having trouble playing sports because of persistent pain.
or inconsolable crying in children as with other stinging insects
or indecisiveness thinking about
or it can be more serious and affect the ability to bring oxygen to the rest of the body. babies born with cdh may have: cdh severe trouble breathing due to small lungs that don't work well (pulmonary hypoplasia). a type of high blood pressure that affects the arteries in the lungs and the right side of the heart (pulmonary hypertension). problems with development of the heart. damage to the intestines
or it can become chronic. it can be severe and even fatal.
or it may be a long-lasting (chronic) condition. symptoms range from mild to severe
or it may be continuous. in some people
or it may come and go. in rare cases
or it may remain visible. other symptoms may include: the inability to control bowel movements (fecal incontinence) constipation or diarrhea leaking blood or mucus from the rectum feeling that your rectum isn't empty after a bowel movement causes the cause for rectal prolapse is unclear. though it's a common assumption that rectal prolapse is associated with childbirth
or it might be limited primarily to one or two limbs
or labia that include folds and resemble a scrotum lumps that feel like testes in the fused labia babies who are genetically male (with one x and one y chromosome) may have: a condition in which the narrow tube that carries urine and semen (urethra) doesn't fully extend to the tip of the penis (hypospadias) an abnormally small penis with the urethral opening closer to the scrotum the absence of one or both testicles in what appears to be the scrotum undescended testicles and an empty scrotum that has the appearance of a labia with or without a micropenis
or laughing or crying for no reason difficulties with reasoning
or laughter abnormal body posturing
or less often the eye and forehead pain affecting one side of the face at a time pain focused in one spot or spread in a wider pattern pain rarely occurring at night while sleeping attacks that become more frequent and intense over time
or loses previous ability to say words or sentences can't start a conversation or keep one going
or making faces when attempting to hold stool.
or many nerves (polyneuropathy). carpal tunnel syndrome is an example of mononeuropathy. most people with peripheral neuropathy have polyneuropathy.
or may wake you from sleep. many people "shake out" their hands to try to relieve their symptoms. the numb feeling may become constant over time. weakness. you may experience weakness in the hand and drop objects. this may be due to the numbness in the hand or weakness of the thumb's pinching muscles
or more general symptoms
or more rarely
or nausea after eating an early feeling of fullness when eating. the feeling of fullness also is called satiety. stomach pain that occurs unrelated to meals or goes away when eating.
or not having any at all
or on mucous membranes lining your mouth
or on your soft palate. you might notice a tingling or burning sensation a day or two before the sores actually appear. there are several types of canker sores
or one side of the body. generally
or only show as tiny bumps. fussiness in infants and toddlers. loss of appetite. the usual period from initial infection to the time symptoms appear (incubation period) is 3 to 6 days. children may get a fever and develop a sore throat. they sometimes lose their appetites and don't feel well. one or two days after the fever begins
or only starts one to make requests or label items speaks with an abnormal tone or rhythm and may use a singsong voice or robot-like speech repeats words or phrases verbatim
or other factors.
or other parts of the body wheezing or trouble breathing coughing and choking or a tight feeling in the throat belly (abdominal) pain
or other signs of damage to the kidneys or other organs. you may have no noticeable symptoms. the first signs of preeclampsia are often detected during routine prenatal visits with a health care provider. along with high blood pressure
or other unexplained aches and pains.
or pain in the hands or feet swelling of the ankles and legs diarrhea
or particles of skin and dried saliva shed by pets (pet dander)
or persistent cough
or plaques
or problems retrieving words spending an unusually long time completing tasks that involve reading or writing difficulty summarizing a story trouble learning a foreign language difficulty doing math word problems
or problems understanding words more symptoms and history that may help diagnose transient global amnesia: symptoms lasting no more than 24 hours and generally shorter gradual return of memory no recent head injury no signs of seizures during the period of amnesia no history of active epilepsy another common sign of transient global amnesia due to the inability to create new memories includes repetitive questioning
or pubic or other body hair. adult lice may be about the size of a sesame seed or slightly larger. lice eggs (nits) on hair shafts. nits may be difficult to see because they're very tiny. they're easiest to spot around the ears and the nape of the neck. nits can be mistaken for dandruff
or pull forward or backward
or purplish on black and brown skin itchy
or rambling oddly during conversations signs and symptoms of schizotypal personality disorder
or rarely
or red eyes neglected appearance — lack of interest in clothing
or refusing foods with a certain texture as they mature
or refusing to leave a parent's side or approach their fear when to see a doctor when to see a doctor an unreasonable fear can be an annoyance — having to take the stairs instead of an elevator or driving the long way to work instead of taking the freeway
or related to a medical condition such as cancer or heart disease
or rhythmic shaking
or sabotaging success by suddenly quitting a good job or ending a positive relationship suicidal threats or behavior or self-injury
or severe pain in the abdomen or rectum. if you or your child experiences any of these signs or symptoms or if the diarrhea lasts longer than a few days
or significant
or signs of a mental health problem other than bipolar disorder. children and teens may have distinct major depressive or manic or hypomanic episodes
or sister with the condition. complications in addition to colon cancer
or skin without hair skin that feels cool or cold to the touch if gangrene affects tissues beneath the surface of your skin
or skip several months and then start monthly cycles again for a few months. periods also tend to happen on shorter cycles
or sleeping too much overwhelming tiredness or loss of energy less interest and pleasure in activities you used to enjoy intense irritability and anger fear that you're not a good mother hopelessness feelings of worthlessness
or slurred or slow speech. dysarthria is often easier to identify than cas. however
or squirm in the seat have difficulty staying seated in the classroom or in other situations be on the go
or stools that are black or tarry trouble breathing feeling faint nausea or vomiting unexplained weight loss appetite changes
or subside temporarily. generally
or that they're stumbling or dragging one foot. others may develop severe weakness or even total paralysis. bladder and bowel problems. this may include needing to urinate more frequently
or that your head is wrapped in cotton emotional or physical numbness of your senses or responses to the world around you a sense that your memories lack emotion
or the anus. genital warts can also develop in the mouth or throat of a person who has had oral sexual contact with an infected person. the signs and symptoms of genital warts include: small
or the disease may progress to the third (tertiary) stage. tertiary syphilis about 15% to 30% of people infected with syphilis who don't get treatment will develop complications known as tertiary syphilis. in the late stage
or the feeling that your mind "goes blank" physical signs and symptoms may include: fatigue trouble sleeping muscle tension or muscle aches trembling
or the infection is likely to be fatal.
or the pain might be localized to a certain area
or they could be symptoms of other mental or physical conditions. as time goes on
or they may be severe. the range of signs and symptoms include: weak bones that break easily (osteoporosis) kidney stones excessive urination stomach (abdominal) pain tiring easily or weakness depression or forgetfulness bone and joint pain frequent complaints of illness with no clear cause nausea
or they may even temporarily stop breathing.
or they may never occur. in severe cases
or they may occur
or they may occur frequently. panic attacks have many variations
or they may take weeks or longer to appear. you might seem fine after a head injury. this period is called the lucid interval. over time
or think that they probably are true
or those who are infected with hiv. babies most babies who have congenital cmv appear healthy at birth. cmv a few babies who have congenital cmv who appear healthy at birth develop signs over time — sometimes not for months or years after birth. the most common of these late-occurring signs are hearing loss and developmental delay. a small number of babies may also develop vision problems. cmv the following signs and symptoms are more common in babies who have congenital cmv and who are sick at birth: cmv premature birth low birth weight yellow skin and eyes (jaundice) enlarged and poorly functioning liver purple skin splotches or a rash or both abnormally small head (microencephaly) enlarged spleen pneumonia seizures people who have weakened immunity if your immune system is weakened
or tingling in your toes a feeling of having a pebble in your shoe
or tinnitus that only you can hear. the noises of tinnitus may vary in pitch from a low roar to a high squeal
or to lose weight or control appetite. signs and symptoms of recent use can include: feeling of happy excitement and too much confidence increased alertness increased energy and restlessness behavior changes or aggression rapid or rambling speech larger than usual pupils
or two hpv dna and pap tests with no abnormal results.
or under the fingernails or toenails. melanoma signs include: a large brownish spot with darker speckles a mole that changes in color
or under your skin shock blackening and death of tissue (gangrene) in your extremities
or use tight hair rollers. this is called traction alopecia. close close close traction alopecia traction alopecia hair loss can occur if you wear pigtails
or use tight hair rollers. this is called traction alopecia. close traction alopecia traction alopecia hair loss can occur if you wear pigtails
or use tight hair rollers. this is called traction alopecia. frontal fibrosing alopecia open pop-up dialog box close frontal fibrosing alopecia frontal fibrosing alopecia early treatment of a receding hairline (frontal fibrosing alopecia) might help avoid significant permanent baldness. the cause of this condition is unknown
or use tight hair rollers. this is called traction alopecia. hair loss can occur if you wear pigtails
or use tight hair rollers. this is called traction alopecia. traction alopecia hair loss can occur if you wear pigtails
or use tight hair rollers. this is called traction alopecia. traction alopecia open pop-up dialog box traction alopecia open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close traction alopecia traction alopecia hair loss can occur if you wear pigtails
or use your thumb to apply force. other signs and symptoms might include: swelling
or useless and excessive movement. negative symptoms. this refers to reduced or lack of ability to function normally. for example
or vaginal itching. signs or symptoms of an infection for which you are being treated — or unrelated symptoms — also may be mistaken as an allergic drug reaction.
or varies in intensity. shortness of breath. cold sweats. dizziness
or vomiting after eating. efforts to reduce your weight
or waking in the night with crying or screaming. other symptoms. a variety of other symptoms can occur
or weakness in your hands
or when taking statin medication used to lower cholesterol. if you're at risk of malignant hyperthermia and you don't have a serious reaction during your first exposure to certain anesthesia drugs
or when you come across reminders of what you went through. for example
or when you try to resist pulling a sense of pleasure or relief after the hair is pulled noticeable hair loss
or when you're at rest. inflammation along a vein just below the skin's surface (due to a blood clot in the vein). fingers and toes that turn pale when exposed to cold (raynaud's phenomenon). painful open sores on your fingers and toes.
or you can't stop thinking about images from your dreams daytime sleepiness
or you could have advanced endometriosis with little or no pain. endometriosis is sometimes mistaken for other conditions that can cause pelvic pain
or you endure the situation but are extremely upset. you have major distress or problems with social situations
or you experience numbness or tingling. causes acute strains can be caused by one event
or you have other mental health concerns along with anxiety you have suicidal thoughts or behaviors — seek emergency treatment immediately your worries are unlikely to simply go away on their own
or you may feel pain on the same side for several months. keep track of your menstrual cycle for several months and note when you feel lower abdominal pain. if it occurs midcycle and goes away without treatment
or you may have a general sense that something bad is about to happen. your anxiety
or you may notice discharge from the nipple. only by seeing your doctor for evaluation can you be certain of what kinds of tests you might need and which type of breast lump you have. clinical trials explore mayo clinic studies testing new treatments
or you may see double. headache. a sudden
or you start to feel worse
orchitis signs and symptoms usually develop suddenly and can include: swelling in one or both testicles pain ranging from mild to severe fever nausea and vomiting general feeling of unwellness (malaise) the terms "testicle pain" and "groin pain" are sometimes used interchangeably. but groin pain occurs in the fold of skin between the thigh and abdomen — not in the testicle. the causes of groin pain are different from the causes of testicle pain.
orderliness and rules extreme perfectionism
organ failure and even death. warning signs of severe dengue fever — which is a life-threatening emergency — can develop quickly. the warning signs usually begin the first day or two after your fever goes away
organization and carrying out tasks (executive function) behavioral changes impulsive behavior aggression mood disorders depression or apathy emotional instability substance misuse suicidal thoughts or behavior motor symptoms parkinsonism motor neuron disease cte symptoms don't develop right after a head injury
organize them and display their collections. collections can be large
osteoarthritis of the hip open pop-up dialog box close osteoarthritis of the hip osteoarthritis of the hip the hip joint shown on the left side of the image is normal
osteoarthritis pain often is described as being similar to a dull toothache. carpal tunnel syndrome usually causes a pins-and-needles feeling. this tingling sensation usually occurs in the thumb and index and middle fingers
other fever signs and symptoms may include: sweating chills and shivering headache muscle aches loss of appetite irritability dehydration general weakness taking a temperature to take a temperature
other mental skills
other organs such as the brain
other people or the world hopelessness about the future memory problems
other signs and symptoms may appear
other signs and symptoms may include: high blood pressure low blood pressure rapid heart rate fever extreme sweating localized tetanus this uncommon form of tetanus results in muscles spasms near the site of a wound. while it's usually a less severe form of disease
other signs and symptoms may include: high blood pressure that's hard to control a whooshing sound as blood flows through a narrowed vessel (bruit)
other signs or symptoms may include: paralysis of muscles involved in breathing difficulty swallowing post-polio syndrome post-polio syndrome is the appearance of new signs or symptoms or the progression of problems. this usually happens decades after having polio. common signs and symptoms include: progressive muscle or joint weakness and pain fatigue muscle wasting breathing or swallowing problems sleep-related breathing disorders
other symptoms may include: false memories that are either completely invented or are real memories misplaced in time. confusion or disorientation.
other tests to help you figure out if your child's weight could pose health problems.
others and pets safe in your home. conflict with others who try to reduce or remove clutter from your home. relationship issues
others)
others) and a trip to the emergency room. signs and symptoms start soon after milk consumption and can include: constriction of airways
others) and amphetamine-dextroamphetamine (adderall xr
otherwise healthy people under age 40.
oval areas of increased pigmentation are usually tan to dark brown occur on skin that has had the most sun exposure over the years
oval or worm-shaped as small as a pea or as large as a dinner plate most hives appear quickly and go away within 24 hours. this is known as acute hives. chronic hives can last for months or years. angioedema angioedema is a reaction similar to hives that affects deeper layers of the skin. it can appear with hives or alone. signs and symptoms include: welts that form in minutes to hours swelling
ovaries and the lining of the uterus (endometrium). cancer that spreads to other parts of the body. advanced small bowel cancer can spread (metastasize) to other parts of the body
over a period of weeks or months. symptoms and their severity vary greatly from child to child. the main signs and symptoms include: slowed growth. brain growth slows after birth. smaller than usual head size (microcephaly) is sometimes the first sign that a child has rett syndrome. as children get older
over days to weeks
over hours or days
over months or years. some people may experience a rapid worsening of their symptoms (acute exacerbation)
over the course of several weeks thickness
over years. the condition begins with a firm lump in the palm of the hand. this lump might be a little tender
overactivity
overeating and weight gain having difficulty concentrating feeling hopeless
overly emotional or unpredictable thinking or behavior. they include antisocial personality disorder
overly flexible joints can result in joint dislocations and early-onset arthritis. fragile skin may develop prominent scarring. people who have vascular ehlers-danlos syndrome are at risk of often fatal ruptures of major blood vessels. some organs
overripe or spoiled. these foods include: foods high in tyramine
overweight or obese. rumination disorder rumination disorder is repeatedly and persistently regurgitating food after eating
overwhelmed
oxygen and nutrients. cholesterol deposits
pa.: elsevier saunders; 2012. https://www.clinicalkey.com. accessed april 27
pa.: elsevier; 2016. http://www.clinicalkey.com. accessed march 21
pa.: elsevier; 2018. https://www.clinicalkey.com. accessed april 27
pa.: elsevier; 2019. https://www.clinicalkey.com. accessed july 23
pa.: saunders elsevier; 2014. http://www.clinicalkey.com. accessed march 21
pa.: saunders elsevier; 2015. http://www.clinicalkey.com. accessed march 21
pacing or walking. worsening of symptoms in the evening. symptoms occur mainly at night. nighttime leg twitching. rls may be associated with another
paclitaxel (abraxane) and others can make symptoms worse. be sure to let your doctor know about all of the medications you're taking. complications complications of charcot-marie-tooth disease vary in severity from person to person. foot abnormalities and difficulty walking are usually the most serious problems. muscles may get weaker
pain
pain and blurred vision
pain and rumination over the loss of your loved one focus on little else but your loved one's death extreme focus on reminders of the loved one or excessive avoidance of reminders intense and persistent longing or pining for the deceased problems accepting the death numbness or detachment bitterness about your loss feeling that life holds no meaning or purpose lack of trust in others inability to enjoy life or think back on positive experiences with your loved one complicated grief also may be indicated if you continue to: have trouble carrying out normal routines isolate from others and withdraw from social activities experience depression
pain and swelling around the testicles when the protruding intestine descends into the scrotum signs and symptoms in children inguinal hernias in newborns and children result from a weakness in the abdominal wall that's present at birth. sometimes the hernia will be visible only when an infant is crying
pain and swelling. you might have pain and swelling around the bite
pain behind the eyes
pain during bowel movements
pain gets worse as the swelling increases. sometimes
pain in anal region
pain in your shoulders or arms
pain is the first and most common symptom of thumb arthritis. pain can occur at the base of your thumb when you grip
pain may occur during rest or when lying down. the pain may interrupt sleep. hanging the legs over the edge of the bed or walking may temporarily relieve the pain.
pain or aching enlarged lymph nodes under the arm
pain or burning sensation in some cases
pain or numbness of the lips or the skin around the mouth
pain or tenderness nausea and vomiting
pain or tenderness. fever. pus or mucus in the stool. nausea. dehydration. symptoms of pseudomembranous colitis can begin as soon as 1 to 2 days after you start taking an antibiotic
painful
painful abscesses. close close close staph infection staph infection mrsa infections start out as small red bumps that can quickly turn into deep
painful abscesses. close staph infection staph infection mrsa infections start out as small red bumps that can quickly turn into deep
painful abscesses. mrsa infections start out as small red bumps that can quickly turn into deep
painful abscesses. mrsa staph infections can range from minor skin problems to life-threatening illness. for example
painful abscesses. mrsa staph skin infections
painful abscesses. staph infection mrsa infections start out as small red bumps that can quickly turn into deep
painful abscesses. staph infection open pop-up dialog box staph infection open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close staph infection staph infection mrsa infections start out as small red bumps that can quickly turn into deep
painful and inflamed. ankles
painful boils (abscesses) that require surgical draining. sometimes the bacteria remain confined to the skin. but they can also burrow deep into the body
painful cramps and uncontrollable muscle twitching. sensory nerves. because these nerves relay information about touch
painful joints
painful lump near the vaginal opening discomfort while walking or sitting pain during intercourse fever a bartholin's cyst or abscess typically occurs on only one side of the vaginal opening.
painful lump under the skin that persists for weeks or months. more bumps may form later
painful lumps under the skin (nodules) painful
painful open sore. the ulcer usually appears on your legs
painful or itchy inflamed bumps that look like goose bumps and may break open.
painful red bumps that might look like pimples or spider bites. the affected area might be: mrsa warm to the touch full of pus or other drainage accompanied by a fever these red bumps can quickly turn into deep
painful skin usually epidermolysis bullosa blisters are noticed during infancy. but it's not uncommon for them to appear when a toddler first begins to walk or when an older child begins new activities that cause more friction on the soles of the feet.
painful sores may develop in the front of the mouth or throat. a rash on the hands and feet and sometimes on the buttocks may also appear. sores that develop in the back of the mouth and throat may suggest a related viral illness called herpangina. other features of herpangina include a sudden high fever and
painful spot appears and blisters erupt. blisters. small fluid-filled blisters typically erupt along the border of your lips. sometimes they appear around the nose or cheeks or inside the mouth. oozing and crusting. the small blisters may merge and then burst
painful urination
painful urination pain during sex bleeding between menstrual periods vaginal bleeding after sex
painful walking
painkilling drugs produced from opium or made synthetically. this class of drugs includes
painless nodule (tumor) on your skin. the nodule may be skin-colored or may appear in shades of red
painless nodules — can develop anywhere
paint thinners
palms of your hands and fingernail beds. these hidden melanomas are more common in people with darker skin. the first melanoma signs and symptoms often are: a change in an existing mole the development of a new pigmented or unusual-looking growth on your skin melanoma doesn't always begin as a mole. it can also occur on otherwise normal-appearing skin. normal moles normal moles are generally a uniform color — such as tan
palpitations
panic attacks typically begin suddenly
panic or doom having an increased heart rate breathing rapidly (hyperventilation) sweating trembling feeling weak or tired trouble concentrating or thinking about anything other than the present worry having trouble sleeping experiencing gastrointestinal (gi) problems having difficulty controlling worry having the urge to avoid things that trigger anxiety several types of anxiety disorders exist: agoraphobia (ag-uh-ruh-foe-be-uh) is a type of anxiety disorder in which you fear and often avoid places or situations that might cause you to panic and make you feel trapped
paperwork
paranoia or hallucinations inability to cope with daily problems or stress trouble understanding and relating to situations and to people problems with alcohol or drug use major changes in eating habits sex drive changes excessive anger
parkinson's disease may slow your movement
parkinson's disease signs and symptoms can be different for everyone. early signs may be mild and go unnoticed. symptoms often begin on one side of the body and usually remain worse on that side
particularly a large or fatty one.
particularly around the midsection and upper back
particularly around the midsection and upper back pink or purple marks on the skin that look like stretch marks carcinoid tumors in the digestive tract signs and symptoms of carcinoid tumors in the digestive tract include: abdominal pain diarrhea nausea
particularly around the mouth
particularly around your eyes and in your ankles and feet foamy urine
particularly at night (nocturia) urgent need to urinate cloudy urine blood in the urine pain in the abdomen
particularly at night irregular heartbeats or palpitations extremely fast and chaotic heartbeat seizures a major sign of brugada syndrome is an irregular result on an electrocardiogram (ecg)
particularly at the fingertips
particularly behind the breastbone
particularly developmental dyslexia
particularly during or right after a meal. most people pass gas up to 20 times a day. therefore
particularly during vigorous activity or when lying down not eating enough (mainly in children with aortic valve stenosis) not gaining enough weight (mainly in children with aortic valve stenosis)
particularly from the nose and gums. bleeding into the skin will appear as patches of small red spots.
particularly if smoking exposure continues. copd signs and symptoms of copd may include: copd shortness of breath
particularly if the fluid has increased slowly. if pericardial effusion signs and symptoms do occur
particularly if they're part of a multiple birth. during your child's first year
particularly if you're underage. but the consequences of not getting the right help in time can be far more serious.
particularly if you've been eating something hard to chew
particularly in adolescents swollen breast tissue breast tenderness nipple sensitivity with rubbing against clothes
particularly in children. comfort levels in social situations vary
particularly in newborns (meconium ileus) chronic or severe constipation
particularly in people who also have jaw pain sudden
particularly in response to pressure on the growth plate inability to move the affected area or to put weight or pressure on the limb warmth and swelling at the end of a bone
particularly in the hands or feet red eyes (conjunctivitis) other signs and symptoms may include: muscle pain headache eye pain fatigue or a general feeling of discomfort abdominal pain
particularly in the heel or arch area. pain may worsen with activity. swelling may occur along the inside of the ankle.
particularly in the hip bones or ribs reduced internal organ function
particularly in the morning or after being inactive for a time limited range of motion in affected areas pain or stiffness in your wrists
particularly in the morning or after naps. fever
particularly in the morning. a popping or clicking sensation as the finger moves. tenderness or a bump in the palm at the base of the affected finger. finger catching or locking in a bent position
particularly in the upper right portion of the abdomen abdominal bloating losing weight without trying yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes (jaundice)
particularly older adults
particularly on brown or black skin. nail psoriasis. psoriasis can affect fingernails and toenails
particularly on my back
particularly on the lips
particularly on your palms and soles confusion muscle aches redness of your eyes
particularly ptosis and anhidrosis
particularly rashes
particularly single words trouble comprehending word meanings struggling to name objects logopenic variant primary progressive aphasia signs and symptoms include: difficulty retrieving words and word substitutions frequently pausing in speech while searching for words difficulty repeating phrases or sentences nonfluent-agrammatic variant primary progressive aphasia signs and symptoms include: poor grammar in written and spoken form trouble understanding complex sentences using grammar incorrectly may be accompanied by speaking problems such as errors in speech sounds (known as apraxia of speech) causes primary progressive aphasia is caused by a shrinking (atrophy) of certain sections (lobes) of the brain responsible for speech and language. in this case
particularly those too young to explain their discomfort or pain
particularly when active or lying down swelling of your ankles and feet dizziness fainting irregular heartbeat
particularly when experiencing some of the warning signs listed above warning signs aren't always obvious
particularly when your bladder is full.
parts of the immune system open pop-up dialog box close parts of the immune system parts of the immune system the lymphatic system is part of the body's immune system
passage of blood alone without stool a feeling of urgency to move your bowels diarrhea nausea the risk of severe complications is higher when you have symptoms on the right side of your belly. this is less commonly seen compared with left-sided colitis. people with right-sided colitis tend to have more underlying medical problems
passage of gases
patches in throat
patchy blind spots in your side vision. side vision also is known as peripheral vision in later stages
patellar tendinitis open pop-up dialog box close patellar tendinitis patellar tendinitis patellar tendinitis causes pain in the patellar tendon
patellofemoral pain syndrome usually causes a dull
patent ductus arteriosus symptoms (pda) depend on the size of the opening and the person's age. a small pda might not cause symptoms. some people don't notice symptoms until adulthood. a large pda can cause symptoms of heart failure soon after birth. pda pda a large pda found during infancy or childhood might cause: pda poor eating
patients don't know that they have it until there's a problem. but there are ways to prevent coronary artery disease
pay attention and concentrate on mental tasks. fibromyalgia often co-exists with other conditions
pay particular attention to the time the symptoms began. some treatment options are most effective when given soon after a stroke begins. signs and symptoms of stroke include: trouble speaking and understanding what others are saying. you may experience confusion
pba episodes tend to be short in duration
peaks 24 hours after the onset of your period and subsides in 2 to 3 days dull
peeling or cracked skin between the toes itchiness
pelvic bones
pelvis and legs muscle weakness because rickets softens the areas of growing tissue at the ends of a child's bones (growth plates)
pemphigus causes blisters on your skin and mucous membranes. the blisters rupture easily
pencils be easily distracted forget to do some daily activities
penetrates deeper into the skin — causing painful fluid- or pus-filled sores that turn into deep ulcers. a more serious form of impetigo
penetrates deeper into the skin — causing painful fluid- or pus-filled sores that turn into deep ulcers. close close close ecthyma ecthyma a more serious form of impetigo
penetrates deeper into the skin — causing painful fluid- or pus-filled sores that turn into deep ulcers. close ecthyma ecthyma a more serious form of impetigo
penetrates deeper into the skin — causing painful fluid- or pus-filled sores that turn into deep ulcers. ecthyma a more serious form of impetigo
penetrates deeper into the skin — causing painful fluid- or pus-filled sores that turn into deep ulcers. ecthyma open pop-up dialog box ecthyma open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close ecthyma ecthyma a more serious form of impetigo
penetrates deeper into the skin — causing painful fluid- or pus-filled sores that turn into deep ulcers. the main symptom of impetigo is reddish sores
people and personal information a sense of being detached from yourself and your emotions a perception of the people and things around you as distorted and unreal a blurred sense of identity significant stress or problems in your relationships
people at risk of malignant hyperthermia have shown signs of a reaction after intense physical activity during excessive heat or humidity
people enter rem sleep 60 to 90 minutes after falling asleep. but people with narcolepsy often move more quickly to rem sleep. they tend to enter rem sleep within 15 minutes of falling asleep. rem sleep also can happen at any time of the day. other characteristics people with narcolepsy may have other sleep disorders. they might have obstructive sleep apnea
people experience moderate to severe dehydration
people experiencing dizziness may describe it as any of a number of sensations
people may recall experiences from childhood or know the names of past presidents. but they may not be able to name the current president
people may: become confused. not be able to pay attention to anything around them. not be able to react to the world around them. these are life-threatening complications. in some people
people notice the physical changes only by comparing old photos with newer ones. overall
people receiving cancer treatment and people with a transplanted organ. in addition to serious eye disease
people typically have multiple episodes. during these episodes
people who have graves' disease develop a reddish thickening of the skin that resembles the texture of an orange peel (graves' dermopathy). this results from a buildup of protein in the skin. it often occurs on the shins and on the tops of the feet. an uncommon manifestation of graves' disease
people who have graves' disease develop a reddish thickening of the skin that resembles the texture of an orange peel (graves' dermopathy). this results from a buildup of protein in the skin. it often occurs on the shins and on the tops of the feet. close close close graves' dermopathy graves' dermopathy rarely
people who have graves' disease develop a reddish thickening of the skin that resembles the texture of an orange peel (graves' dermopathy). this results from a buildup of protein in the skin. it often occurs on the shins and on the tops of the feet. close graves' dermopathy graves' dermopathy rarely
people who have graves' disease develop a reddish thickening of the skin that resembles the texture of an orange peel (graves' dermopathy). this results from a buildup of protein in the skin. it often occurs on the shins and on the tops of the feet. graves' dermopathy open pop-up dialog box graves' dermopathy open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close graves' dermopathy graves' dermopathy rarely
people who have graves' disease develop a reddish thickening of the skin that resembles the texture of an orange peel (graves' dermopathy). this results from a buildup of protein in the skin. it often occurs on the shins and on the tops of the feet. graves' dermopathy rarely
people who have graves' disease develop a reddish thickening of the skin that resembles the texture of an orange peel (graves' dermopathy). this results from a buildup of protein in the skin. it often occurs on the shins and on the tops of the feet. rarely
people who have kts may have the following features
people who have salmonella infection think they have the stomach flu. possible signs and symptoms of salmonella infection include: diarrhea stomach (abdominal) cramps fever nausea vomiting chills headache blood in the stool signs and symptoms of salmonella infection generally last a few days to a week. diarrhea may last up to 10 days
people with calciphylaxis have an imbalance in the metabolism of calcium. this causes calcium to be deposited in the smallest parts of the arteries (arterioles)
people with chronic granulomatous disease experience serious bacterial or fungal infection every few years. an infection in the lungs
people with corticobasal degeneration lose the ability to walk.
people with high platelet levels often don't have signs or symptoms. when symptoms occur
people with kleptomania don't compulsively steal for personal gain
people with migraine might find that their headaches get worse when they cough. this is normal
people with myoclonus often describe their symptoms as jerks
people with narcissistic personality disorder have trouble handling anything they view as criticism. they can: become impatient or angry when they don't receive special recognition or treatment. have major problems interacting with others and easily feel slighted. react with rage or contempt and try to belittle other people to make themselves appear superior. have difficulty managing their emotions and behavior. experience major problems dealing with stress and adapting to change. withdraw from or avoid situations in which they might fail. feel depressed and moody because they fall short of perfection. have secret feelings of insecurity
people with pba often lack certain features of depression
people with schizotypal personality disorder can benefit from treatments similar to those used for schizophrenia. schizotypal personality disorder is sometimes considered to be on a spectrum with schizophrenia
people with the opposite pattern have symptoms that begin in spring or summer. in either case
percocet) and those containing hydrocodone (norco) anti-anxiety medicines
perform daily activities
perhaps misdiagnosed as strep throat
perhaps with a scattering of bumps whose color ranges from red on white skin to reddish
pericardial effusion may not cause any noticeable signs and symptoms
periodically flaring in response to common triggers
permanent brain damage or even death. alcohol withdrawal can occur when alcohol use has been heavy and prolonged and is then stopped or greatly reduced. it can occur within several hours to 4 to 5 days later. signs and symptoms include sweating
permanent loss of vision in one eye pain and stiffness in the neck
persistent and recurrent episodes of depersonalization or derealization or both cause distress and problems functioning at work or school or in other important areas of your life. during these episodes
persistent depressive disorder symptoms usually come and go over a period of years. the intensity of symptoms can change over time. but symptoms usually don't disappear for more than two months at a time. also
persistent fear of a specific object or situation that's out of proportion to the actual risk. there are many types of phobias
persistent fever of 102 f (39 c) or higher
persistent nausea and vomiting blood clots decreased urination shortness of breath tight or enlarged abdomen
persistent or chronic adjustment disorders can continue for more than 6 months
persistent post-concussive symptoms include: headaches. dizziness. fatigue. irritability. anxiety. trouble falling asleep or sleeping too much. loss of concentration and memory. ringing in the ears. blurry vision. noise and light sensitivity. rarely
persistent urge to urinate a burning sensation or pain when urinating passing frequent
persistent urge to urinate a burning sensation when urinating the need to pass small amounts of urine frequently cloudy urine fever pain in your side (flank) or abdomen a uti may be difficult to diagnose in children
persistent urge to urinate pain or a burning feeling when urinating passing frequent
persistent vomiting
personal history and characteristics
personality changes
personality disorders can cause significant problems in your life that may get worse without treatment.
personality or identity. people with amnesia usually can understand written and spoken words and can learn skills such as bike riding or piano playing. they may understand they have a memory disorder. amnesia isn't the same as dementia. dementia often includes memory loss but also involves other problems with thinking that lead to a decline in daily functioning. these problems include having trouble with language
perspiration
pet allergy signs and symptoms caused by inflammation of nasal passages include: sneezing runny nose itchy
petechiae open pop-up dialog box close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). petechiae open pop-up dialog box petechiae open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). close close close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). immune thrombocytopenia may have no signs and symptoms. when they do occur
petechiae open pop-up dialog box close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). petechiae open pop-up dialog box petechiae open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). close close close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). people with myelodysplastic syndromes might not experience signs and symptoms at first. in time
petechiae open pop-up dialog box close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). petechiae open pop-up dialog box petechiae open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). close close close petechiae petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). petechiae petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). petechiae may look like a rash and usually appear in clusters. here they appear on a leg (a) and on an abdomen (b). thrombocytopenia signs and symptoms may include: easy or excessive bruising (purpura) superficial bleeding into the skin that appears as a rash of pinpoint-sized reddish-purple spots (petechiae)
phlegm
phone or newspaper
phonological disorders and dysarthria. cas a child who has trouble learning how to make specific sounds
physical exertion or emotional reactions
physical irritation
pickled
pigment loss spreads and eventually involves most of the skin. occasionally
pimple-like bumps on the face. these harmless spots
pinched nerve signs and symptoms include: numbness or decreased sensation in the area supplied by the nerve sharp
pink
pink bumps bumps on the face
pink or bruised appearance unusual warmth of the affected breast dimpling or ridges on the skin of the affected breast
pink rash that begins on the face and quickly spreads to the trunk and then the arms and legs
pins and needles sensations (paresthesia) muscle weakness in the affected area frequent feeling that a foot or hand has "fallen asleep" the problems related to a pinched nerve may be worse when you're sleeping.
pitted scars. smallpox can be spread from person to person when the rash appears and until the scabs fall off.
pityriasis rosea typically begins with an oval
place it in a clean container and bring it to your health care provider's office or the hospital for analysis. most women who have vaginal spotting or bleeding in the first trimester go on to have successful pregnancies.
placental abruption develops slowly (chronic abruption)
placental abruption is most likely to occur in the last trimester of pregnancy
plague is divided into three main types — bubonic
plane or train. these situations cause anxiety because you fear you won't be able to escape or find help if you start to feel panicked. or you may fear having other disabling or embarrassing symptoms
planning or attempting suicide other features of bipolar disorder signs and symptoms of bipolar i and bipolar ii disorders may include other features
plantar fasciitis typically causes a stabbing pain in the bottom of your foot near the heel. the pain is usually the worst with the first few steps after awakening
plantar wart signs and symptoms include: a small
plaque psoriasis causes dry
plaque psoriasis open pop-up dialog box close plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is the most common type of psoriasis. it causes dry
pls begins in your tongue or hands and then progresses down your spinal cord to your legs. however
plus expertise on managing health. click here for an email preview. email erroremail field is required errorinclude a valid email address learn more about mayo clinic’s use of data. to provide you with the most relevant and helpful information
pneumonia can quickly become a life-threatening condition.
polycystic kidney disease symptoms can include: high blood pressure back or side pain blood in your urine a feeling of fullness in your abdomen increased size of your abdomen due to enlarged kidneys headaches kidney stones kidney failure urinary tract or kidney infections
polyhydramnios symptoms result from pressure being exerted within the uterus and on nearby organs. mild polyhydramnios may cause few — if any — signs or symptoms. severe polyhydramnios may cause: shortness of breath or the inability to breathe swelling in the lower extremities and abdominal wall uterine discomfort or contractions fetal malposition
polymorphous light eruption on the chest open pop-up dialog box close polymorphous light eruption on the chest polymorphous light eruption on the chest polymorphous light eruption is a rash that affects parts of the body that are exposed to more sunlight as daylight hours get longer
polymyalgia rheumatica. about 50 percent of people with giant cell arteritis also have polymyalgia rheumatica.
polyuria
poor appetite and lack of growth shortness of breath swelling or sudden weight gain
poor attention
poor attention span
poor balance or stroke.
poor coordination or problems moving reduced inhibitions heightened or altered sense of sight
poor judgment
poor judgment or inappropriate social behavior. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff primary progressive aphasia care at mayo clinic
poor muscle function and paralysis loss of bladder and bowel function gallbladder problems blindness hearing loss seizures emotional and behavioral problems
poor performance or poor attendance at school
possible problems with balance
possible signs and symptoms of toxic shock syndrome include: a sudden high fever low blood pressure vomiting or diarrhea a rash resembling a sunburn
possible symptoms of a condition called absence status epilepticus after any seizure lasting more than five minutes
possibly bed-wetting in a toilet-trained child extreme hunger unintentional weight loss fatigue irritability or behavior changes fruity-smelling breath
possibly reaching as high as 104 degrees fahrenheit (40 degrees celsius). chills. headache. weakness and fatigue. muscle aches. stomach pain. diarrhea or constipation. rash. people also may have a cough
possibly replacing a specific word with a more general word such as "it" for pen no longer knowing word meanings having hesitant speech that may sound telegraphic making mistakes in sentence construction motor disorders rarer subtypes of frontotemporal dementia are characterized by problems with movement similar to those associated with parkinson's disease or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als). motor-related problems may include: tremor rigidity muscle spasms or twitches poor coordination difficulty swallowing muscle weakness inappropriate laughing or crying falls or walking problems causes in frontotemporal dementia
possibly severe
possibly tantrums
possibly throughout the night
possibly violent behavior involuntary eye movements lack of pain sensation increase in blood pressure and heart rate problems with thinking and memory problems speaking poor judgment intolerance to loud noise sometimes seizures or coma inhalants signs and symptoms of inhalant use vary
possibly with blood
possibly without weight loss unlike a person with bulimia
post-polio syndrome only affects people who had polio. common signs and symptoms of post-polio syndrome include: muscle and joint weakness and pain that gets worse over time feeling easily fatigued and exhausted losing muscle tissue (atrophy) breathing or swallowing problems sleep-related breathing disorders
post-traumatic stress disorder symptoms may start within one month of a traumatic event
posterior cortical atrophy symptoms vary among people. symptoms also can vary over time. they tend to gradually get worse. common symptoms include having trouble with: reading
postpartum depression may last for many months or longer. postpartum psychosis with postpartum psychosis — a rare condition that usually develops within the first week after delivery — the symptoms are severe. symptoms may include: feeling confused and lost having obsessive thoughts about your baby hallucinating and having delusions having sleep problems having too much energy and feeling upset feeling paranoid making attempts to harm yourself or your baby postpartum psychosis may lead to life-threatening thoughts or behaviors and requires immediate treatment. postpartum depression in the other parent studies show that new fathers can experience postpartum depression
postpartum preeclampsia can be difficult to detect on your own. many women who experience postpartum preeclampsia show no signs or symptoms during pregnancy. also
posture and balance difficulty with speech or swallowing impairments in voluntary movements — rather than involuntary movements — may have a greater impact on a person's ability to work
potentially life-threatening allergic reaction known as anaphylaxis. it can occur within seconds to minutes after exposure to something you're allergic to ⸺ and worsens quickly. an anaphylactic reaction to shellfish is a medical emergency. anaphylaxis requires immediate treatment with an epinephrine (adrenaline) injection and a follow-up trip to the emergency room. if anaphylaxis isn't treated right away
potentially life-threatening eating disorder. when you have bulimia
poultry
pounding heart rate sweating trembling or shaking shortness of breath or tightness in your throat chills hot flashes nausea abdominal cramping chest pain headache dizziness
pounding heartbeat (palpitations) or skipped beats whooshing sound that can be heard through a stethoscope (heart murmur)
pounding heartbeat or flopping in the chest (palpitations) chest pain fainting (syncope) lightheadedness rapid pulse rate shortness of breath some people with tachycardia have no symptoms. the condition may be discovered when a physical exam or heart tests are done for another reason.
pounding heartbeat that begin and end abruptly. some people with wpw syndrome also have a fast and chaotic heart rhythm problem called atrial fibrillation. wpw wpw wpw in general
pounding or fluttering chest discomfort or pressure dizziness
pounding or fluttering heartbeat (palpitations) shortness of breath if your child has any of these signs or symptoms
pounding or fluttering heartbeat (palpitations) swollen feet or ankles (edema)
pounding or fluttering swollen legs
power
precocious puberty signs and symptoms include development of the following before age 8 in girls and before age 9 in boys. breast growth and first period in girls enlarged testicles and penis
prediabetes doesn't usually have any signs or symptoms. one possible sign of prediabetes is darkened skin on certain parts of the body. affected areas can include the neck
preeclampsia signs and symptoms may include: excess protein in urine (proteinuria) or other signs of kidney problems decreased levels of platelets in blood (thrombocytopenia) increased liver enzymes that indicate liver problems severe headaches changes in vision
preferably in natural daylight.
preferring to be alone limited range of emotional expression inability to take pleasure in most activities inability to pick up normal social cues appearance of being cold or indifferent to others little or no interest in having sex with another person schizotypal personality disorder peculiar dress
pregnancy is possible. if you've skipped a period but aren't sure you've started the menopausal transition
pregnancy is still possible. if you wish to avoid pregnancy
premature ventricular contractions often cause few or no symptoms. but the extra beats can cause unusual sensations in the chest
presbyopia develops gradually. you may first notice these signs and symptoms after age 40: a tendency to hold reading material farther away to make the letters clearer blurred vision at normal reading distance eyestrain or headaches after reading or doing close-up work you may notice these symptoms are worse if you are tired or are in an area with dim lighting.
press gently on your baby's forehead or nose. if the skin looks yellow where you pressed
pressure
pressure and fullness in the cheeks
pressure on your brain increases
pressure or burning worsening indigestion or heartburn coughing or hoarseness early esophageal cancer typically causes no signs or symptoms.
pressure or heaviness in your belly (abdomen). bloating.
pressure or pain low back pain that eases when you lie down a soft bulge of tissue in your vagina vaginal discomfort and painful intercourse (dyspareunia) many women with small bowel prolapse also experience prolapse of other pelvic organs
previously known as grand mal seizures
previously known as petit mal seizures
priapism symptoms vary depending on the type of priapism. the two main types of priapism are ischemic priapism and nonischemic priapism. ischemic priapism ischemic priapism
prickling
prickling or tingling in your feet or hands
primarily on the left side of the brain
primary care doctor or mental health professional for help. because early diagnosis may help reduce the risk of long-term problems for children with fetal alcohol syndrome
primary exercise headaches these headaches: are usually described as throbbing occur during or after strenuous exercise affect both sides of the head in most cases secondary exercise headaches these headaches may cause: the same symptoms as primary exercise headaches vomiting loss of consciousness double vision neck stiffness primary exercise headaches typically last between five minutes and 48 hours
primary hyperparathyroidism is often diagnosed before signs or symptoms of the disorder occur. this is usually because an elevated level of calcium is found on routine blood tests. when symptoms do occur
primary progressive aphasia symptoms vary
primary syphilis open pop-up dialog box close primary syphilis primary syphilis primary syphilis causes painless sores (chancres) on the genitals
prioritizing or focusing on tasks lack of flexibility or the tendency to get stuck on a thought
problem behavior also may happen in other settings
problem-solving and decision-making depression and anxiety a surprised or frightened facial expression
problems include vaginal dryness
problems regulating body temperature
problems sleeping
problems with attention or memory
problems with movement and coordination
proctitis signs and symptoms may include: a frequent or continuous feeling that you need to have a bowel movement rectal bleeding passing mucus through your rectum rectal pain pain on the left side of your abdomen a feeling of fullness in your rectum diarrhea pain with bowel movements
producing some or all of the following signs and symptoms: headache that gets worse vomiting drowsiness and progressive loss of consciousness dizziness confusion unequal pupil size slurred speech loss of movement (paralysis) on the opposite side of the body from the head injury as more blood fills your brain or the narrow space between your brain and skull
progress for a year or two
progressing to paralysis movement problems seizures vision loss and blindness hearing loss and deafness problems swallowing loss of mental functions and a lack of response to surroundings growth in head size (progressive macrocephaly) juvenile form the juvenile form of tay-sachs disease is less common. signs and symptoms vary in severity and begin in childhood. survival is typically into the teen years. signs and symptoms can include: behavior problems gradual loss of skills and movement control frequent respiratory infections slow loss of vision and speech decline in mental function and responsiveness seizures last onset/adult form this is a rare and less severe form with signs and symptoms beginning in late childhood to adulthood. severity of symptoms varies greatly
progressive dementia may occur due to venous hypertension.
prolonged headache repeated vomiting sleepiness or lethargy double vision sudden weakness or clumsiness convulsions or seizures
prolonged or intense as in schizophrenia. another key distinction is that people with schizotypal personality disorder usually can be made aware of the difference between their distorted ideas and reality. those with schizophrenia generally can't be swayed away from their delusions. despite the differences
prominent veins on calf
prostate cancer may cause no signs or symptoms in its early stages. prostate cancer that's more advanced may cause signs and symptoms such as: trouble urinating decreased force in the stream of urine blood in the urine blood in the semen bone pain losing weight without trying erectile dysfunction
proteinuria
provide less accurate temperature measurements. in infants
pseudogout most commonly affects the knees. less often
pseudotumor cerebri signs and symptoms might include: often severe headaches that might originate behind your eyes a whooshing sound in your head that pulses with your heartbeat nausea
psoriatic arthritis is more likely to also cause: swollen fingers and toes. psoriatic arthritis can cause a painful
psychosis or others. the timing of symptoms may include diagnostic labels such as mixed or rapid cycling. in addition
published by the american psychiatric association: dissociative amnesia. the main symptom is memory loss that's more severe than normal forgetfulness and that can't be explained by a medical condition. you can't recall information about yourself or events and people in your life
puckering
puffy face and eyes
pulling hair out to get relief from the overwhelming urge to pull hair. some people may develop elaborate rituals for pulling hair
pulmonary and tricuspid valves. they open and close to move blood through the heart. many things can damage the heart valves. a heart valve may become narrowed (stenosis)
pulmonary edema symptoms may appear suddenly or develop over time. symptoms depend on the type of pulmonary edema. sudden (acute) pulmonary edema symptoms difficulty breathing (dyspnea) or extreme shortness of breath that worsens with activity or when lying down a feeling of suffocating or drowning that worsens when lying down a cough that produces frothy sputum that may have blood in it a rapid
pulmonary embolism symptoms can vary greatly
pulmonary hypertension can also cause excess fluid in the legs
pulmonary valve stenosis symptoms depend on how much blood flow is blocked. some people with mild pulmonary stenosis do not have symptoms. those with more-severe pulmonary stenosis may first notice symptoms while exercising. pulmonary valve stenosis symptoms may include: a whooshing sound called a heart murmur that can be heard with a stethoscope. fatigue. shortness of breath
pulse
punching
purple
purple or brown flat spots on the soles bottom of the feet or the palms of the hands (janeway lesions) painful red or purple bumps or patches of darkened skin (hyperpigmented) on the tips of the fingers or toes (osler nodes) tiny purple
purple or dark inability to move your bowels or pass gas
purple-red skin coloring when cold and blood-clotting problems.
purplish
purplish or grayish
purposeless hand movements
purpura around the eyes open pop-up dialog box close purpura around the eyes purpura around the eyes some people with amyloidosis experience purpura — a condition in which small blood vessels leak blood into the skin. this most commonly occurs around the eyes but can also affect other parts of the body. purpura around the eyes open pop-up dialog box purpura around the eyes open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close purpura around the eyes purpura around the eyes some people with amyloidosis experience purpura — a condition in which small blood vessels leak blood into the skin. this most commonly occurs around the eyes but can also affect other parts of the body. close purpura around the eyes purpura around the eyes some people with amyloidosis experience purpura — a condition in which small blood vessels leak blood into the skin. this most commonly occurs around the eyes but can also affect other parts of the body. close purpura around the eyes purpura around the eyes some people with amyloidosis experience purpura — a condition in which small blood vessels leak blood into the skin. this most commonly occurs around the eyes but can also affect other parts of the body. close close close purpura around the eyes purpura around the eyes some people with amyloidosis experience purpura — a condition in which small blood vessels leak blood into the skin. this most commonly occurs around the eyes but can also affect other parts of the body. purpura around the eyes some people with amyloidosis experience purpura — a condition in which small blood vessels leak blood into the skin. this most commonly occurs around the eyes but can also affect other parts of the body. some people with amyloidosis experience purpura — a condition in which small blood vessels leak blood into the skin. this most commonly occurs around the eyes but can also affect other parts of the body. enlarged tongue open pop-up dialog box close enlarged tongue enlarged tongue an enlarged tongue (macroglossia) can be a sign of amyloidosis. it can sometimes also appear rippled along its edge. enlarged tongue open pop-up dialog box enlarged tongue open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close enlarged tongue enlarged tongue an enlarged tongue (macroglossia) can be a sign of amyloidosis. it can sometimes also appear rippled along its edge. close enlarged tongue enlarged tongue an enlarged tongue (macroglossia) can be a sign of amyloidosis. it can sometimes also appear rippled along its edge. close enlarged tongue enlarged tongue an enlarged tongue (macroglossia) can be a sign of amyloidosis. it can sometimes also appear rippled along its edge. close close close enlarged tongue enlarged tongue an enlarged tongue (macroglossia) can be a sign of amyloidosis. it can sometimes also appear rippled along its edge. enlarged tongue an enlarged tongue (macroglossia) can be a sign of amyloidosis. it can sometimes also appear rippled along its edge. an enlarged tongue (macroglossia) can be a sign of amyloidosis. it can sometimes also appear rippled along its edge. you may not experience symptoms of amyloidosis until later in the course of the disease. symptoms may vary
pus filled pimples
pus-filled bumps — that form a connected area of infection under the skin. a carbuncle is a cluster of boils — painful
pus-filled bumps — that form a connected area of infection under the skin. carbuncle a carbuncle is a cluster of boils — painful
pus-filled bumps — that form a connected area of infection under the skin. carbuncle open pop-up dialog box carbuncle open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close carbuncle carbuncle a carbuncle is a cluster of boils — painful
pus-filled bumps — that form a connected area of infection under the skin. close carbuncle carbuncle a carbuncle is a cluster of boils — painful
pus-filled bumps — that form a connected area of infection under the skin. close close close carbuncle carbuncle a carbuncle is a cluster of boils — painful
pus-filled bumps — that form a connected area of infection under the skin. folliculitis signs and symptoms include: clusters of small bumps or pimples around hair follicles pus-filled blisters that break open and crust over itchy
pus-filled lumps under the skin (cystic lesions) acne usually appears on the face
pus-filled or bloody drainage from the ear hearing loss ringing in the ear (tinnitus) spinning sensation (vertigo) nausea or vomiting that can result from vertigo
pus-like discharge from the rectum
pyoderma gangrenosum usually starts with a small
queasy
quickly
quitting tobacco
raised
raised and tender nodules on their skin
raised areas or blisters. close close close polymorphous light eruption on the chest polymorphous light eruption on the chest polymorphous light eruption is a rash that affects parts of the body that are exposed to more sunlight as daylight hours get longer
raised areas or blisters. close polymorphous light eruption on the chest polymorphous light eruption on the chest polymorphous light eruption is a rash that affects parts of the body that are exposed to more sunlight as daylight hours get longer
raised areas or blisters. how skin with sun allergy looks varies widely depending on the color of your skin and what's causing the symptoms. signs and symptoms may include: itchiness (pruritus) stinging tiny bumps that may merge into raised patches a flushing of the exposed area blisters or hives symptoms usually occur only on skin that has been exposed to the sun or other source of uv light. symptoms show up within minutes to hours after sun exposure.
raised areas or blisters. polymorphous light eruption is a rash that affects parts of the body that are exposed to more sunlight as daylight hours get longer
raised areas or blisters. polymorphous light eruption on the chest open pop-up dialog box polymorphous light eruption on the chest open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close polymorphous light eruption on the chest polymorphous light eruption on the chest polymorphous light eruption is a rash that affects parts of the body that are exposed to more sunlight as daylight hours get longer
raised areas or blisters. polymorphous light eruption on the chest polymorphous light eruption is a rash that affects parts of the body that are exposed to more sunlight as daylight hours get longer
raised bumps
raised bumps and usually occur on the hands and fingers. in most cases
raised patch or wartlike sore on or in the anus or on your genitals
raised patches of tissues red
raised skin patches (plaques) covered with scales. close close close plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is the most common type of psoriasis. it causes dry
raised skin patches (plaques) covered with scales. close plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is the most common type of psoriasis. it causes dry
raised skin patches (plaques) covered with scales. guttate psoriasis open pop-up dialog box close guttate psoriasis guttate psoriasis guttate psoriasis
raised skin patches (plaques) covered with scales. plaque psoriasis is the most common type of psoriasis. it causes dry
raised skin patches (plaques) covered with scales. plaque psoriasis open pop-up dialog box plaque psoriasis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is the most common type of psoriasis. it causes dry
raised skin patches (plaques) covered with scales. plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is the most common type of psoriasis. it causes dry
raised skin patches (plaques) covered with scales. there may be few or many. they usually appear on the elbows
ranging from a single growth to multiple growths very small growths clustered around the eyes or elsewhere on the face
ranging from light tan to brown or black itchiness
ranging from mild to intense round
ranging from spots of dandruff-like scaling to major eruptions over much of the body rashes that vary in color
ranging from temporary pain and discomfort to a severe allergic reaction. having one type of reaction doesn't mean you'll always have the same reaction every time you're stung or that the next reaction will necessarily be more severe. mild reaction most of the time
ranging from white and blotchy to red or blue changes in skin texture
rapid and intense shifts in emotions (mood lability) rarely
rapid breathing
rapid breathing (hyperventilation)
rapid heartbeat
rapid heartbeat (tachycardia) loss of consciousness weak pulse low blood pressure (hypotension) sweating pale skin cold hands or feet urinating less than normal or not at all symptoms of a heart attack because cardiogenic shock usually occurs in people who are having a severe heart attack
rapid pulse drop in blood pressure seizures loss of consciousness delayed reactions resulting from penicillin allergy less-common penicillin allergy reactions occur days or weeks after exposure to the drug and may persist for some time after you stop taking it. these conditions include: serum sickness
rapid pulse nausea
rapidly changing emotions excessive concern with physical appearance thinks relationships with others are closer than they really are narcissistic personality disorder belief that you're special and more important than others fantasies about power
rarely
rarely starting in one leg
rarely symptoms can differ from person to person or from episode to episode. some people don't have any noticeable symptoms. it's also possible you won't have any symptoms of hypoglycemia. it's important to monitor your blood sugar levels regularly and keep track of how you're feeling when your blood sugar is low.
rash
rashy spots all over my skin. they're also a different color than the rest of my skin
rather than going out to socialize or doing new things suicidal thinking or feelings
raw surface that looks like a burn. food poisoning staph bacteria are one of the most common causes of food poisoning. the bacteria multiply in food and produce toxins that make you sick. symptoms come on quickly
reactions can occur hours
reactive attachment disorder usually starts in infancy. there's little research on signs and symptoms of reactive attachment disorder beyond early childhood
reading
reading or watching tv. the same person may do both focused and automatic hair pulling
reasoning and problem-solving
receiving blood transfusion
receiving unsterile injections
reckless driving
recognized problems in the early stages of the disease
recovery is immediate. signs and symptoms of frontal lobe seizures might include: head and eye movement to one side complete or partial unresponsiveness or difficulty speaking explosive screams
rectal
rectum
recurrent bacterial infections — such as of the ears
recurrent infections related to xla will likely require careful attention and aggressive treatment. they can cause organ damage and be life-threatening. xla xla possible complications include: chronic lung disease increased risk of certain cancers infectious arthritis increased risk of central nervous system infections from live vaccines by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff x-linked agammaglobulinemia care at mayo clinic
recurrent suspicion that spouse or sexual partner is unfaithful schizoid personality disorder lack of interest in social or personal relationships
red
red and warm
red bump on your skin
red bump that starts out small and can enlarge to more than 2 inches (5 centimeters) reddish or purplish
red bumps that may sometimes get infected with bacteria.
red eyes
red eyes (allergic conjunctivitis) sneezing cough itchy nose
red lesions (speckled leukoplakia or erythroplakia)
red lines or as weblike networks of blood vessels on the surface of the skin. spider veins
red nodule a flat lesion with a scaly
red nodule a flat sore with a scaly crust a new sore or raised area on an old scar or ulcer a rough
red or brown itching
red or brown round spots on the skin (petechiae)
red or brown urine cloudy or foul-smelling urine a persistent need to urinate
red or brown. hair color also may darken by early adulthood. or hair may stain from contact with minerals in water and the environment
red or cola colored pain in your back or side that doesn't go away loss of appetite unexplained weight loss tiredness fever
red or cola-colored. red blood cells cause the urine to change color. it takes only a small amount of blood to turn urine red. the bleeding often isn't painful. but if blood clots get passed in the urine
red or dark patches in your mouth persistent changes in the tissues of your mouth ear pain when swallowing progressive reduction in the ability to open your jaw
red or pink. they can be smooth
red or swollen eyes (conjunctivitis) a food allergy can cause: a food allergy tingling in the mouth swelling of the lips
red or watery eyes nasal congestion itchy nose
red patches of skin (hives) eczema itchy skin
red phlegm.
red skin on the palms of the hands and the soles of the feet
red skin that sometimes flakes. my face and lips puff up
red skin usually on the shins or tops of the feet (graves' dermopathy) rapid or irregular heartbeat (palpitations) sleep disturbance graves' ophthalmopathy graves' ophthalmopathy open pop-up dialog box close graves' ophthalmopathy graves' ophthalmopathy graves' ophthalmopathy signs and symptoms include bulging eyes
red sore around nose
red spots appear on the body. they may start in the mouth and on the tongue and then spread to the skin. the face
red spots over body
reddish on white skin
reddish or blue-tinted hands or feet. pain that may come and go in your legs and feet or in your arms and hands. this pain may occur when you use your hands or feet and eases when you stop that activity (claudication)
reddish or darker than normal eczema or a hive-like rash small blisters or sores in the mouth or other mucous membranes (benign mucous membrane pemphigoid)
redness
redness and blurry vision. if untreated
redness and retracting eyelids. about 30% of people with graves' disease show some signs and symptoms of graves' ophthalmopathy. in graves' ophthalmopathy
redness and retracting eyelids. close close close graves' ophthalmopathy graves' ophthalmopathy graves' ophthalmopathy signs and symptoms include bulging eyes
redness and retracting eyelids. close graves' ophthalmopathy graves' ophthalmopathy graves' ophthalmopathy signs and symptoms include bulging eyes
redness and retracting eyelids. graves' ophthalmopathy graves' ophthalmopathy signs and symptoms include bulging eyes
redness and retracting eyelids. graves' ophthalmopathy open pop-up dialog box graves' ophthalmopathy open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close graves' ophthalmopathy graves' ophthalmopathy graves' ophthalmopathy signs and symptoms include bulging eyes
redness and retracting eyelids. graves' ophthalmopathy signs and symptoms include bulging eyes
redness and swelling similar to other bacterial skin infections. ulcers covered by a gray membrane also may be a sign of skin diphtheria. although it's more common in tropical climates
redness of eyes
redness or scaling changes to your nipple
redness or soreness around your big toe joint corns or calluses — these often develop where the first and second toes rub against each other ongoing pain or pain that comes and goes limited movement of your big toe
reduced saliva flow
reduced sexual desire
reducing stress or quitting smoking. the good news is these changes can do a lot to improve your outlook. living a healthier life translates to having healthier arteries. when necessary
refusing to go to school
regardless of their actual value. feeling a need to save these items and being upset by the thought of getting rid of them. building up clutter to the point where you can't use rooms. trying to be perfect and avoiding or delaying decisions. problems with planning and organizing. getting too many items and refusing to part with them results in: disorganized piles or stacks of items
regret or embarrassment.
regular conditioning can help prevent injuries. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff request an appointment request an appointment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment oct. 11
relationships or other parts of your life you feel depressed or irritable
releasing substances such as histamine
releasing the larvae into your body. the larvae then enter the wall of your small intestine
relief or satisfaction while stealing feeling terrible guilt
remorse
renal artery stenosis often doesn't cause any signs or symptoms until it's advanced. the condition may be discovered incidentally during testing for something else. your health care provider may also suspect a problem if you have: high blood pressure that begins suddenly or worsens without explanation high blood pressure that begins before age 30 or after age 50 as renal artery stenosis progresses
repetitive patterns of behavior
requiring careful management. these features may include: food craving and weight gain. a classic sign of prader-willi syndrome is a constant craving for food
requiring excessive advice and reassurance from others to make even small decisions difficulty starting or doing projects on your own due to lack of self-confidence difficulty disagreeing with others
researchers have confirmed shared genetics and molecular pathways between frontotemporal dementia and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als). more research needs to be done to understand the connection between these conditions
respond poorly to stimulation
restless or tense having a sense of impending danger
restlessness
restlessness and agitation
restlessness or a feeling that something bad is about to happen cold
restricting calories or avoiding certain foods between binges using dietary supplements or herbal products excessively for weight loss the severity of bulimia is determined by the number of times a week that you purge
resulting from rigid facial muscles dizziness
resulting in confusion
resulting in dysfunction and distress when perfection is not achieved
resulting in hemorrhage. in about half of all brain avms
resulting in loss of joint flexibility rarely
resulting in pain and irritation. thrombosed hemorrhoids if blood pools in an external hemorrhoid and forms a clot (thrombus)
resulting in rapid weight gain
resulting in significant distress and difficulty in life. bipolar i disorder. you've had at least one manic episode that may be preceded or followed by hypomanic or major depressive episodes. in some cases
resulting in slight changes in color. hair hair color can range from very white to brown. people of african or asian descent who have albinism may have hair color that's yellow
resulting in smaller size than would be expected other problems damage to the brain can contribute to other neurological problems
retinal detachment itself is painless. but warning signs almost always appear before it occurs or has advanced
retreating into his or her own world has poor eye contact and lacks facial expression doesn't speak or has delayed speech
retrograde ejaculation doesn't affect your ability to get an erection or have an orgasm — but when you climax
rheumatoid arthritis and sjogren's syndrome increase the risk of developing cryoglobulinemia. risk factors risk factors of cryoglobulinemia may include: your sex. cryoglobulinemia occurs more frequently in women than in men. age. symptoms of cryoglobulinemia usually begin in middle age. other diseases. cryoglobulinemia is associated with diseases such as hepatitis c
rheumatoid arthritis can cause joints to deform and shift out of place.
rheumatoid arthritis or type 1 diabetes
rhinophyma open pop-up dialog box close rhinophyma rhinophyma over time
ribs and wrists hearing problems other congenital conditions that also involve the heart
rigid muscles
ringing in the ears
ringing in the ears and abrupt hearing loss may occur. eyes. vasculitis can make your eyes look red and itch or burn. giant cell arteritis can cause double vision and temporary or permanent blindness in one or both eyes. this is sometimes the first sign of the disease. hands or feet. some types of vasculitis can cause numbness or weakness in a hand or foot. the palms of the hands and soles of the feet might swell or harden. lungs. you may develop shortness of breath or even cough up blood if vasculitis affects your lungs. skin. bleeding under the skin can show up as red spots. vasculitis can also cause lumps or open sores on your skin.
ringing in your ear or trouble with your balance. early diagnosis of an acoustic neuroma may help keep the tumor from growing large enough to cause serious consequences
ringlike bands in the esophagus that can make swallowing difficult.
rituals that accompany hair pulling or patterns of hair pulling biting
roaring
roof of mouth or throat mucus that runs down the back of your throat (postnasal drip) swollen
roof of mouth or throat postnasal drip cough facial pressure and pain frequent awakening swollen
rosacea can thicken the skin on the nose
roseola open pop-up dialog box close roseola roseola roseola is a childhood illness caused by two strains of the herpes virus. common signs of roseola are a fever and a rash on the trunk and neck. roseola open pop-up dialog box roseola open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close roseola roseola roseola is a childhood illness caused by two strains of the herpes virus. common signs of roseola are a fever and a rash on the trunk and neck. close roseola roseola roseola is a childhood illness caused by two strains of the herpes virus. common signs of roseola are a fever and a rash on the trunk and neck. close roseola roseola roseola is a childhood illness caused by two strains of the herpes virus. common signs of roseola are a fever and a rash on the trunk and neck. close close close roseola roseola roseola is a childhood illness caused by two strains of the herpes virus. common signs of roseola are a fever and a rash on the trunk and neck. roseola roseola is a childhood illness caused by two strains of the herpes virus. common signs of roseola are a fever and a rash on the trunk and neck. roseola is a childhood illness caused by two strains of the herpes virus. common signs of roseola are a fever and a rash on the trunk and neck. if your child is exposed to someone with roseola and becomes infected with the virus
rough growth on the bottom of your foot
round
round lesions in the mouth that quickly turn into painful ulcers. the sores usually heal in one to three weeks
rounded chest slightly flattened cheekbones opening in the roof of the mouth (cleft palate) hip deformities that result in thighbones turning inward a foot that's twisted or out of shape instability of the neck bones progressive hunching curvature of the upper spine progressive development of swayed lower back vision and hearing problems arthritis and problems with joint movement adult height ranging from 3 feet (91 cm) to just over 4 feet (122 cm) proportionate dwarfism proportionate dwarfism results from medical conditions present at birth or appearing in early childhood that limit overall growth and development. so the head
rounded fingernails or toenails (clubbing) numbness or tingling in fingers or toes shortness of breath while at rest skipped or racing heartbeats (palpitations)
routine issues. the worry is out of proportion to the actual circumstance
rsv usually causes mild cold-like signs and symptoms. these may include: rsv congested or runny nose dry cough low-grade fever sore throat sneezing headache in severe cases rsv infection can spread to the lower respiratory tract
rubbery-looking bump that sticks out from the skin. the hemangioma then enters a rest phase and
ruling out other possible causes of amnesia is important. you must have these signs and symptoms to be diagnosed with transient global amnesia: sudden onset of confusion that includes memory loss
run
runny nose
runny nose and cough. for adults with covid-19
runny nose and sneezing (allergic rhinitis) digestive symptoms
runny nose or cough along with or before the fever. your child may also develop swollen lymph nodes in the neck. rash. after the fever goes away
rupture of the aneurysm. thrombosis of a popliteal artery aneurysm can cause a severe lack of blood flow (ischemia) in the lower leg
rusty sputum
rusty-colored mucus.
rusty-colored phlegm.
sacral dimple open pop-up dialog box close sacral dimple sacral dimple a sacral dimple is an indentation or pit in the skin on the lower back — usually just above the crease between the buttocks. most sacral dimples are small and shallow. sacral dimple open pop-up dialog box sacral dimple open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close sacral dimple sacral dimple a sacral dimple is an indentation or pit in the skin on the lower back — usually just above the crease between the buttocks. most sacral dimples are small and shallow. close sacral dimple sacral dimple a sacral dimple is an indentation or pit in the skin on the lower back — usually just above the crease between the buttocks. most sacral dimples are small and shallow. close sacral dimple sacral dimple a sacral dimple is an indentation or pit in the skin on the lower back — usually just above the crease between the buttocks. most sacral dimples are small and shallow. close close close sacral dimple sacral dimple a sacral dimple is an indentation or pit in the skin on the lower back — usually just above the crease between the buttocks. most sacral dimples are small and shallow. sacral dimple a sacral dimple is an indentation or pit in the skin on the lower back — usually just above the crease between the buttocks. most sacral dimples are small and shallow. a sacral dimple is an indentation or pit in the skin on the lower back — usually just above the crease between the buttocks. most sacral dimples are small and shallow. a sacral dimple is an indentation or pit in the skin on the lower back. it's usually located just above the crease between the buttocks. causes there are no known causes for a sacral dimple. it is a congenital condition
sacral dimples are associated with a serious underlying abnormality of the spine or spinal cord. examples include: spina bifida. a very mild form of this condition
sad or disgusted as a result of your dream. you feel sweaty or have a pounding heartbeat while in bed. you can think clearly upon awakening and can recall details of your dream. your dream causes distress that keeps you from falling back to sleep easily. nightmares are only considered a disorder if you experience: frequent occurrences major distress or impairment during the day
sad or down most of the day
sad or worthless periods of manic mood
sadness or apathy social withdrawal insomnia fatigue and loss of energy frequent thoughts of death
sadness or irritability sad and listless appearance not seeking comfort or showing no response when comfort is given failure to smile watching others closely but not engaging in social interaction failure to reach out when picked up no interest in playing peekaboo or other interactive games behavior problems failing to seek support or assistance
saliva also became thick
salivary glands open pop-up dialog box close salivary glands salivary glands there are three pairs of major salivary glands — parotid
salmonella infection is usually caused by eating raw or undercooked meat
salty fluid in your mouth and pain relief
sars usually begins with flu-like signs and symptoms — fever
sausage-like swelling of your fingers and toes. foot pain. psoriatic arthritis can also cause pain at the points where tendons and ligaments attach to your bones — especially at the back of your heel (achilles tendinitis) or in the sole of your foot (plantar fasciitis). lower back pain. some people develop a condition called spondylitis as a result of psoriatic arthritis. spondylitis mainly causes inflammation of the joints between the vertebrae of your spine and in the joints between your spine and pelvis (sacroiliitis). nail changes. nails can form tiny dents (pits)
scabies is most often found: between the fingers and toes in the armpits around the waist along the insides of the wrists on the inner elbows on the soles of the feet on the chest around the nipples around the belly button around the genitals in the groin area on the buttocks in infants and young children
scabies symptoms include: itching
scaling
scaling spots on the trunk
scalp
scalp and buttocks. this condition is often associated with changes to the lining of the small intestine identical to those of celiac disease
scalp and neck palms of the hands soles of the feet if you've had scabies before
scalp or genitals. these are sometimes referred to as hidden melanomas because they occur in places most people wouldn't think to check. when melanoma occurs in people with darker skin
scaly patch on your lip that may evolve to an open sore a red sore or rough patch inside your mouth a red
scaly patch with a raised edge. over time
scaly patch — called the herald patch — on the face
scaly patches of skin on my knees
scaly patches on my skin that are itchy and painful.
scaly patches on my skin that are itchy and painful. they are mostly on my knees
scaly patches on my skin.
scaly patches on my skin. i also have some bumps that look like small nodules.
scaly patches on my skin. it can be itchy and painful
scaly rash on my arms
scaly skin
scaly skin mold allergy symptoms vary from person to person and range from mild to severe. you might have year-round symptoms or symptoms that flare up only during certain times of the year. you might notice symptoms when the weather is damp or when you're in indoor or outdoor spaces that have high concentrations of mold. mold allergy and asthma if you have a mold allergy and asthma
scaly skin on my palms and soles. the skin is also cracked and painful.
scaly skin on the bottom of the foot that extends up the side
scaly spots. i also have some pain in my joints.
scar-like lesion without a clearly defined border.
schedule an appointment with your dentist. the sooner you seek care
schizoaffective disorder symptoms may vary from person to person. people with the condition experience psychotic symptoms
schizoid personality disorder and schizotypal personality disorder. paranoid personality disorder pervasive distrust and suspicion of others and their motives unjustified belief that others are trying to harm or deceive you unjustified suspicion of the loyalty or trustworthiness of others hesitancy to confide in others due to unreasonable fear that others will use the information against you perception of innocent remarks or nonthreatening situations as personal insults or attacks angry or hostile reaction to perceived slights or insults tendency to hold grudges unjustified
schizophrenia involves a range of problems with thinking
schizotypal personality disorder typically includes five or more of these signs and symptoms: being a loner and lacking close friends outside of the immediate family flat emotions or limited or inappropriate emotional responses persistent and excessive social anxiety incorrect interpretation of events
school
school and social activities
school and work
school assignments
school or home due to repeated alcohol use continuing to drink alcohol even though you know it's causing physical
school or in social situations related to pulling out your hair many people who have trichotillomania also pick their skin
school or other activities. social anxiety disorder typically begins in the early to mid-teens
school or other areas of functioning. you may excessively focus over one or more parts of your body. the bodily feature that you focus on may change over time. the most common features people tend to fixate about include: face
school or social situations
sciatica affects only one side of the body. some people also have numbness
sciatica pain can be almost anywhere along the nerve pathway. it's especially likely to follow a path from the low back to the buttock and the back of a thigh and calf. the pain can vary from a mild ache to a sharp
scleroderma's signs and symptoms vary from person to person
screaming or crying for no apparent reason
scurring
seasonal affective disorder symptoms appear during late fall or early winter and go away during the sunnier days of spring and summer. less commonly
seborrheic dermatitis signs and symptoms may include: flaking skin (dandruff) on your scalp
secondary hypertension usually has no specific symptoms
sedatives and hypnotics used to treat anxiety and sleep disorders
see a doctor immediately
see your doctor or dentist.
see your doctor or dentist. thrush is uncommon in healthy older children
see your doctor or other primary care professional or a mental health professional. untreated
see your doctor to determine if further evaluation is needed to check for an underlying medical condition or other cause.
see your doctor to identify the cause of your sleep problem and how it can be treated. if your doctor thinks you could have a sleep disorder
see your doctor.
see your eye doctor for a yearly eye exam with dilation — even if your vision seems fine. developing diabetes when pregnant (gestational diabetes) or having diabetes before becoming pregnant can increase your risk of diabetic retinopathy. if you're pregnant
see your health care provider to determine the cause. you can miss your period for a number of reasons — including pregnancy
seeing double or losing sight on the sides of your vision. losing feeling or movement in an arm or a leg. trouble with balance. speech problems. feeling very tired. confusion in everyday matters. memory problems. having trouble following simple commands. personality or behavior changes. seizures
seeing things as distorted
seeing things as distorted and experiencing visual disturbances. i have also been experiencing headaches.
seek emergency medical care.
seek emergency medical help. myocarditis in children when children develop myocarditis
seek immediate medical attention.
seen by a witness being awake and alert and knowing who you are
seizure-like spasms that last for several minutes (generalized spasms). usually
seizure. in rare cases
seizures
seizures can affect any process your brain coordinates. seizure signs and symptoms may include: temporary confusion a staring spell stiff muscles uncontrollable jerking movements of the arms and legs loss of consciousness or awareness psychological symptoms such as fear
seizures or passing out. causing self-harm. they may make themselves sick
seizures or problems with movement. encephalitis also may cause changes in sight or hearing. most people with infectious encephalitis have flu-like symptoms
seizures or stroke high blood pressure when to see a doctor see your doctor immediately if you or your child experiences bloody diarrhea or several days of diarrhea followed by: decreased urine output swelling unexplained bruises unusual bleeding extreme fatigue seek emergency care if you or your child doesn't urinate for 12 hours or more.
self-consciousness and concern about being judged or viewed negatively by others. specific phobias are characterized by major anxiety when you're exposed to a specific object or situation and a desire to avoid it. phobias provoke panic attacks in some people. substance-induced anxiety disorder is characterized by symptoms of intense anxiety or panic that are a direct result of misusing drugs
self-criticism or feeling you're not capable. trouble focusing clearly and trouble making decisions. problems getting things done well and on time. quickly becoming annoyed
self-harm
self-loathing
semantic dementia and progressive agrammatic (nonfluent) aphasia are all considered to be frontotemporal dementia. problems caused by these conditions include: increasing difficulty in using and understanding written and spoken language
semen goes into your bladder instead of coming out of your penis. retrograde ejaculation signs and symptoms include: orgasms in which you ejaculate very little or no semen out of your penis (dry orgasms) urine that is cloudy after orgasm because it contains semen inability to get a woman pregnant (male infertility)
sensitive
sensitive skin from scratching atopic dermatitis often begins before age 5 and may continue into the teen and adult years. for some people
sensitivity to light
sensory problems
separation anxiety disorder is diagnosed when symptoms are excessive for the developmental age and cause significant distress in daily functioning. symptoms may include: recurrent and excessive distress about anticipating or being away from home or loved ones constant
septic arthritis typically causes extreme discomfort and difficulty using the affected joint. the joint could be swollen
septicemic and pneumonic — depending on which part of your body is involved. signs and symptoms vary depending on the type of plague. bubonic plague bubonic plague is the most common variety of the disease. it's named after the swollen lymph nodes (buboes) that typically develop in the first week after you become infected. buboes may be: situated in the groin
serious congenital heart defects usually are noticed soon after birth or during the first few months of life. signs and symptoms could include: pale gray or blue lips
serious disease may be present at birth or appear early in infancy. medical problems may include: too much fluid in or around the brain
serotonin syndrome symptoms usually occur within several hours of taking a new drug or increasing the dose of a drug you're already taking. signs and symptoms include: agitation or restlessness insomnia confusion rapid heart rate and high blood pressure dilated pupils loss of muscle coordination or twitching muscles high blood pressure muscle rigidity heavy sweating diarrhea headache shivering goose bumps severe serotonin syndrome can be life-threatening. signs include: high fever tremor seizures irregular heartbeat unconsciousness
setting up a cycle of worsening symptoms. fever. hoarse voice. noisy or labored breathing. symptoms of croup are often worse at night and usually last for 3 to 5 days.
seven days a week. or use the lifeline chat. services are free and confidential.
seven days a week. or use the lifeline chat. services are free and confidential. make an appointment with your doctor or a mental health professional. when to get emergency help when to get emergency help if you think you may hurt yourself or attempt suicide
several other conditions also can cause changes in bowel habits. change in stool color. blood can show up as red streaks in your stool or make stool appear black. a change in color also may be caused by certain foods
several physical features are apparent early. signs and symptoms can be subtle
severe abdominal pain urgent need to have a bowel movement fever nausea and vomiting chronic mesenteric ischemia signs and symptoms of the chronic form of mesenteric ischemia include: abdominal pain that starts about 30 minutes after eating pain that worsens over an hour pain that goes away within one to three hours
severe acne and male-pattern baldness can happen
severe back pain lack of feeling in the legs difficulty urinating or having bowel movements headache stiff neck sensitivity to light
severe head pain
severe headache
severe headache with no known cause
severe hypercalcemia can interfere with your heart function
severe hypovolemic shock can cause death in minutes.
severe infections or allergic reactions
severe itching
severe mittelschmerz pain occurs on the side of the ovary that's releasing an egg (ovulating). the pain may switch sides every other month
severe muscle stiffness or rigidity
severe pain followed by a feeling of numbness a foul-smelling discharge leaking from a sore thin
severe pain in the scrotum — the loose bag of skin under your penis that contains the testicles swelling of the scrotum abdominal pain nausea and vomiting a testicle that's positioned higher than normal or at an unusual angle frequent urination fever young boys who have testicular torsion typically wake up due to scrotal pain in the middle of the night or early in the morning.
severity and other characteristics. the degree of skin and tissue damage ranges from changes in skin color to a deep injury involving muscle and bone. common sites of pressure ulcers for people who use wheelchairs
severity can sometimes be difficult to determine. it's generally based on the level of impairments and how they impact the ability to function. below are some common signs shown by people who have autism spectrum disorder. social communication and interaction a child or adult with autism spectrum disorder may have problems with social interaction and communication skills
sex and other medical conditions. you're more likely to have signs and symptoms without chest pain or discomfort if you're a woman
sexual arousal and desire may change. but if you had satisfactory sexual intimacy before menopause
shaken baby syndrome symptoms and signs include: extreme fussiness or irritability difficulty staying awake breathing problems poor eating vomiting pale or bluish skin seizures paralysis coma while sometimes there's bruising on the face
shakes or spasms that are: sudden brief involuntary shock-like variable in intensity and frequency occurring in one part of the body or all over the body sometimes severe enough to interfere with eating
shaky
shallow and rapid breathing struggling to breathe — chest muscles and skin pull inward with each breath cough poor feeding unusual tiredness (lethargy) irritability most children and adults recover in one to two weeks
shallow breathing and problems with low oxygen and high carbon dioxide rapid heart rate irregular heart rhythm dangerously high body temperature excessive sweating patchy
shallow breathing weak and rapid pulse
shallow breathing weak pulse clumsiness or lack of coordination drowsiness or very low energy confusion or memory loss loss of consciousness bright red
shallow breathing wheezing cough
shallow breathing. sweating for no clear reason. feeling lightheaded. shivering. symptoms specific to the type of infection
shame
shame and an intense fear of weight gain from overeating
shame or anxiety ongoing feelings of emptiness inappropriate
shame or fear of arrest after the theft return of the urges and a repetition of the kleptomania cycle features people with kleptomania usually have these features or characteristics: unlike most shoplifters
shape
shape or appearance of a breast changes to the skin over the breast
shape or color. this melanoma shows color variations and an irregular border
shapes and sizes: color and texture. moles can be brown
sharp burning pain at the sting site a red welt at the sting area slight swelling around the sting area in most people
sharp pain in the back of the thigh. there might also be a "popping" or tearing sensation. swelling and tenderness usually develop within a few hours. there might be bruising or a change in skin color along the back of the leg. some people have muscle weakness or are not able to put weight on the injured leg.
sharp pain in the side and back
shedding light on dangerous faints click here for an infographic to learn more shedding light on dangerous faints click here for an infographic to learn more some people with long qt syndrome (lqts) do not have any noticeable symptoms. the condition may be discovered when an electrocardiogram (ecg) or genetic testing is done for other reasons. fainting (syncope) is the most common symptom of long qt syndrome. a fainting spell from long qt syndrome can occur with little to no warning. some people have fainting warning signs first
shellfish allergy symptoms generally start within minutes to an hour after eating or having contact with shellfish. they may include: hives itchy
shifting the rest of the nerve. another common type is a neurofibroma. a neurofibroma also often forms inside the nerve. sometimes it grows from several nerve bundles. perineuriomas are rare and can grow from inside or outside the nerve. tumors outside a nerve can cause problems when they press on the nerve. other benign tumors that form outside nerves are soft lumps of slow-growing fat cells called lipomas and ganglion cysts. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff benign peripheral nerve tumor care at mayo clinic
shifting to a different location or increasing in intensity — as the stone moves through your urinary tract.
shingles open pop-up dialog box close shingles shingles shingles is characterized by pain or a tingling sensation in a limited area on one side of the face or torso
shiny nodules that occur on or just beneath the skin and in hair follicles. merkel cell carcinoma is most often found on the head
shiny skin
shivering
shivering is likely the first thing you'll notice as the temperature starts to drop because it's your body's automatic defense against cold temperature — an attempt to warm itself. signs and symptoms of hypothermia include: shivering slurred speech or mumbling slow
shooting or cramplike and may be worse at night difficulty with bladder control or bowel function rapid heart rate low or high blood pressure difficulty breathing people with guillain-barre syndrome usually experience their most significant weakness within two weeks after symptoms begin. types guillain-barre syndrome has several forms. the main types are: acute inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy (aidp)
shooting or jabbing pain that may feel like an electric shock spontaneous attacks of pain or attacks triggered by things such as touching the face
short hands with a single crease in the palm relatively short fingers and small hands and feet excessive flexibility tiny white spots on the colored part (iris) of the eye called brushfield's spots short height infants with down syndrome may be average size
shorter torso and broader hips compared with other boys absent
shortness of breath
shortness of breath and other symptoms drug rash with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (dress)
shortness of breath during feedings
shortness of breath or even a heart attack. cad typically takes a long time to develop. so often
shoulder dislocation open pop-up dialog box close shoulder dislocation shoulder dislocation the shoulder joint is the most frequently dislocated joint of the body. because it moves in several directions
shoulder or back pain sometimes
shoulder or back. other symptoms of angina include: dizziness fatigue nausea shortness of breath sweating the severity
shoulders
shoulders and chest. it can also show up in the armpits
shoulders and tongue inappropriate crying
shoulders and upper back range from freckle size to about 1/2 inch (13 millimeters) across can group together
shoulders or back increased sensitivity to light
shoulders or hips are common symptoms of a related disorder
shouting
shoving or pushing physical fights property damage threatening or assaulting people or animals you may feel a sense of relief and tiredness after the episode. later
showing up as a drop in performance at school not meeting daily expectations
shown here. after you eat roundworm (trichinella) larvae
shown here. close close close trichinella cysts trichinella cysts after you eat roundworm (trichinella) larvae
shown here. close trichinella cysts trichinella cysts after you eat roundworm (trichinella) larvae
shown here. signs and symptoms of trichinosis infection and how severe the infection is can vary. this depends on the number of larvae eaten in the infected meat. possibly no signs or symptoms mild cases of trichinosis — those with only a small number of parasites in your body — may cause no signs or symptoms. symptoms can develop with moderate or heavy infestation ⸺ a large number of parasites in your body. these symptoms sometimes get worse as the roundworm (trichinella) larvae travel through your body. initial signs and symptoms you swallow roundworm (trichinella) larvae in tiny sacks (cysts) containing the parasite. your digestive juices dissolve the cysts
shown here. trichinella cysts after you eat roundworm (trichinella) larvae
shown here. trichinella cysts open pop-up dialog box trichinella cysts open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close trichinella cysts trichinella cysts after you eat roundworm (trichinella) larvae
sick to my stomach
sides of the nose
sight and touch. brain lobes each side of your brain contains four lobes. the frontal lobe is important for cognitive functions and control of voluntary movement or activity. the parietal lobe processes information about temperature
sight and touch. brain lobes open pop-up dialog box brain lobes open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close brain lobes brain lobes each side of your brain contains four lobes. the frontal lobe is important for cognitive functions and control of voluntary movement or activity. the parietal lobe processes information about temperature
sight and touch. close brain lobes brain lobes each side of your brain contains four lobes. the frontal lobe is important for cognitive functions and control of voluntary movement or activity. the parietal lobe processes information about temperature
sight and touch. close close close brain lobes brain lobes each side of your brain contains four lobes. the frontal lobe is important for cognitive functions and control of voluntary movement or activity. the parietal lobe processes information about temperature
sight and touch. each side of your brain contains four lobes. the frontal lobe is important for cognitive functions and control of voluntary movement or activity. the parietal lobe processes information about temperature
sight and touch. the main part of the brain is called the cerebrum. brain tumors in different parts of the cerebrum might cause different symptoms. brain tumors in the front of the brain. the frontal lobes are in the front of the brain. they control thinking and movement. frontal lobe brain tumors might cause balance problems and trouble walking. there might be personality changes
significant drop in overall school performance behavioral problems physical changes contracted and rigid muscles that affect gait (especially in young children) tremors or slight involuntary movements frequent falls or clumsiness seizures
significant symptoms may occur
signs and symptoms
signs and symptoms also might include: bulging in the soft spots of an infant's skull
signs and symptoms also might include: fever urinary frequency pus or blood in the urine when to see a doctor seek emergency medical care if you develop sudden pain in your scrotum. some conditions require prompt treatment to avoid permanent damage to a testicle. see your doctor if you detect a lump in your scrotum
signs and symptoms are usually vague and depend on the location of the tumor. carcinoid tumors in the lungs signs and symptoms of carcinoid lung tumors include: chest pain wheezing shortness of breath diarrhea redness or a feeling of warmth in your face and neck (skin flushing) weight gain
signs and symptoms associated with diarrhea (loose
signs and symptoms associated with galactorrhea include: persistent or intermittent milky nipple discharge nipple discharge involving multiple milk ducts spontaneously leaked or manually expressed nipple discharge one or both breasts affected absent or irregular menstrual periods headaches or vision problems
signs and symptoms at the site of a scorpion sting may include: pain
signs and symptoms become more noticeable. early warning of ectopic pregnancy often
signs and symptoms can include: confusion
signs and symptoms can include: fatigue shortness of breath rapid or irregular heart rate pale skin frequent or prolonged infections unexplained or easy bruising nosebleeds and bleeding gums prolonged bleeding from cuts skin rash dizziness headache fever aplastic anemia can be short-lived
signs and symptoms can include: swollen belly chronic constipation gas failure to thrive fatigue
signs and symptoms can vary greatly among girls and women with triple x syndrome. many experience no noticeable effects or have only mild symptoms. being taller than average height is the most typical physical feature. most females with triple x syndrome experience normal sexual development and have the ability to become pregnant. some girls and women with triple x syndrome have intelligence in the normal range
signs and symptoms caused by brain metastases can vary based on the location
signs and symptoms caused by cancer will vary depending on what part of the body is affected. some general signs and symptoms associated with
signs and symptoms depend on the type of adjustment disorder and can vary from person to person. you experience more stress than would normally be expected in response to a stressful event
signs and symptoms depend on the type of dissociative disorders you have
signs and symptoms have included cognitive
signs and symptoms include problems with movement and coordination
signs and symptoms include: adults: difficulty swallowing
signs and symptoms include: sars fever of 100.5 f (38 c) or higher dry cough shortness of breath
signs and symptoms may also include: re-enacting the traumatic event or aspects of the traumatic event through play frightening dreams that may or may not include aspects of the traumatic event intensity of symptoms intensity of symptoms ptsd symptoms can vary in intensity over time. you may have more ptsd symptoms when you're stressed in general
signs and symptoms may develop
signs and symptoms may include
signs and symptoms may include: bone pain easy bleeding feeling full after eating a small amount of food feeling run-down or tired fever weight loss without trying loss of appetite pain or fullness below the ribs on the left side excessive sweating during sleep (night sweats)
signs and symptoms may include: changes in skin color — ranging from pale gray to blue
signs and symptoms may include: cough production of mucus (sputum)
signs and symptoms may include: feeling tired
signs and symptoms may include: heartburn difficulty swallowing bloating diarrhea constipation fecal incontinence heart and lung problems when scleroderma affects the heart or lungs
signs and symptoms may include: lower abdominal pain pain during urination frequent urination difficulty urinating or interrupted urine flow blood in the urine cloudy or unusually dark-colored urine
signs and symptoms may include: pain stiffness swelling redness decreased range of motion
signs and symptoms may include: shortness of breath with exercise or when you lie down fatigue and weakness
signs and symptoms may include: worsening blood pressure control protein in the urine swelling of feet
signs and symptoms may persist for months to years. treatment is likely to be most effective when started early in the course of the illness.
signs and symptoms may vary significantly depending on your age
signs and symptoms might include: headache pulsating ringing in your ears (tinnitus) dizziness sudden neck pain stroke or transient ischemic attack (tia)
signs and symptoms might include: heat intolerance excessive sweating or not being able to sweat bowel
signs and symptoms might include: nausea vomiting loss of appetite fatigue and weakness changes in how much you urinate chest pain
signs and symptoms might include: physical signs and symptoms headache blurred or double vision abnormal eye movements abnormal enlargement of a toddler's head sleepiness or sluggishness nausea or vomiting unstable balance poor coordination poor appetite loss of bladder control or frequent urination behavioral and cognitive changes irritability change in personality decline in school performance delays or problems with previously acquired skills
signs and symptoms might not appear until irreversible damage has occurred. when to seek care make an appointment with your health care provider if you have signs or symptoms of kidney disease. if you have a medical condition that increases your risk of kidney disease
signs and symptoms occur for several months before a diagnosis is made.
signs and symptoms of a brain tumor in children vary greatly and depend on the brain tumor type
signs and symptoms of a broken toe include: pain swelling change in skin color from bruising or bleeding under the skin
signs and symptoms of a hip fracture include: inability to get up from a fall or to walk severe pain in the hip or groin inability to put weight on the leg on the side of the injured hip bruising and swelling in and around the hip area shorter leg on the side of the injured hip outward turning of the leg on the side of the injured hip
signs and symptoms of a poison ivy rash include: redness itching swelling blisters difficulty breathing
signs and symptoms of a ruptured eardrum may include: ear pain that may subside quickly mucuslike
signs and symptoms of a ruptured spleen include: pain in the upper left abdomen tenderness when you touch the upper left abdomen left shoulder pain confusion
signs and symptoms of a salivary gland tumor may include: a lump or swelling on or near your jaw or in your neck or mouth numbness in part of your face muscle weakness on one side of your face persistent pain in the area of a salivary gland difficulty swallowing trouble opening your mouth widely
signs and symptoms of a sprained ankle vary depending on the severity of the injury. they may include: pain
signs and symptoms of a stye include: a red lump on your eyelid that is similar to a boil or a pimple eyelid pain eyelid swelling tearing another condition that causes inflammation of the eyelid is a chalazion. a chalazion occurs when there's a blockage in one of the small oil glands near the eyelashes. unlike a stye
signs and symptoms of a tooth abscess include: severe
signs and symptoms of acoustic neuroma are often easy to miss and may take many years to develop. they usually happen because of the tumor's effects on the hearing and balance nerves. pressure from the tumor on nearby nerves controlling facial muscles and sensation (facial and trigeminal nerves)
signs and symptoms of acute kidney failure may include: decreased urine output
signs and symptoms of adrenal cancer include: weight gain muscle weakness pink or purple stretch marks on the skin hormone changes in women that might cause excess facial hair
signs and symptoms of alcohol intolerance — or of a reaction to ingredients in an alcoholic beverage — can include: facial redness (flushing) red
signs and symptoms of als vary greatly from person to person
signs and symptoms of antiphospholipid syndrome can include: blood clots in legs (dvt). signs of a dvt include pain
signs and symptoms of appendicitis may include: sudden pain that begins on the right side of the lower abdomen sudden pain that begins around your navel and often shifts to your lower right abdomen pain that worsens if you cough
signs and symptoms of arrhythmias may include: a fluttering in the chest a racing heartbeat (tachycardia) a slow heartbeat (bradycardia) chest pain shortness of breath other symptoms may include: anxiety fatigue lightheadedness or dizziness sweating fainting (syncope) or near fainting
signs and symptoms of astigmatism may include: blurred or distorted vision eyestrain or discomfort headaches difficulty with night vision squinting
signs and symptoms of autoimmune hepatitis vary from person to person and may come on suddenly. some people have few
signs and symptoms of autonomic neuropathy depend on which nerves are damaged. they might include: dizziness and fainting when standing
signs and symptoms of black hairy tongue include: black discoloration of the tongue
signs and symptoms of body dysmorphic disorder include: being extremely preoccupied with a perceived flaw in appearance that to others can't be seen or appears minor strong belief that you have a defect in your appearance that makes you ugly or deformed belief that others take special notice of your appearance in a negative way or mock you engaging in behaviors aimed at fixing or hiding the perceived flaw that are difficult to resist or control
signs and symptoms of bone metastasis include: bone pain broken bones urinary incontinence bowel incontinence weakness in the legs or arms high levels of calcium in the blood (hypercalcemia)
signs and symptoms of bruxism may include: teeth grinding or clenching
signs and symptoms of cah vary
signs and symptoms of calciphylaxis include: large purple net-like patterns on skin deep
signs and symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning may include: dull headache weakness dizziness nausea or vomiting shortness of breath confusion blurred vision loss of consciousness carbon monoxide poisoning can be particularly dangerous for people who are sleeping or intoxicated. people may have irreversible brain damage or even die before anyone realizes there's a problem.
signs and symptoms of carcinoma of unknown primary depend on what part of the body is involved. in general
signs and symptoms of cataracts include: clouded
signs and symptoms of ccms may include: ccms seizures severe headaches weakness in the arms or legs numbness difficulty speaking problems with memory and attention problems with balance and walking vision changes
signs and symptoms of cerebral palsy can vary greatly from person to person. cerebral palsy can affect the whole body
signs and symptoms of charcot-marie-tooth disease may include: weakness in your legs
signs and symptoms of chemo brain may include the following: being unusually disorganized confusion difficulty concentrating difficulty finding the right word difficulty learning new skills difficulty multitasking feeling of mental fogginess short attention span short-term memory problems taking longer than usual to complete routine tasks trouble with verbal memory
signs and symptoms of cholangiocarcinoma include: yellowing of your skin and the whites of your eyes (jaundice) intensely itchy skin white-colored stools fatigue abdominal pain on the right side
signs and symptoms of chondrosarcoma may include: increasing pain a growing lump or area of swelling weakness or bowel and bladder control problems
signs and symptoms of chronic constipation include: passing fewer than three stools a week having lumpy or hard stools straining to have bowel movements feeling as though there's a blockage in your rectum that prevents bowel movements feeling as though you can't completely empty the stool from your rectum needing help to empty your rectum
signs and symptoms of chronic kidney disease develop over time if kidney damage progresses slowly. loss of kidney function can cause a buildup of fluid or body waste or electrolyte problems. depending on how severe it is
signs and symptoms of colon cancer include: a persistent change in your bowel habits
signs and symptoms of constipation in children may include: less than three bowel movements a week bowel movements that are hard
signs and symptoms of corticobasal degeneration (corticobasal syndrome) include: difficulty moving on one or both sides of the body
signs and symptoms of crps go away on their own. in others
signs and symptoms of crps include: crps continuous burning or throbbing pain
signs and symptoms of cutaneous t-cell lymphoma include: round patches of skin that may be raised or scaly and might be itchy patches of skin that appear lighter in color than surrounding skin lumps that form on the skin and may break open enlarged lymph nodes hair loss thickening of the skin on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet a rash-like skin redness over the entire body that is intensely itchy causes the exact cause of cutaneous t-cell lymphoma isn't known. in general
signs and symptoms of diaper rash include: inflamed skin in the diaper area — buttocks
signs and symptoms of digeorge syndrome (22q11.2 deletion syndrome) can vary in type and severity
signs and symptoms of dry socket may include: severe pain within a few days after a tooth extraction partial or total loss of the blood clot at the tooth extraction site
signs and symptoms of dumping syndrome generally occur within minutes after eating
signs and symptoms of e. coli o157:h7 infection usually begin three or four days after exposure to the bacteria. but you may become ill as soon as one day after exposure to more than a week later. signs and symptoms include: e. coli diarrhea
signs and symptoms of ehrlichiosis and anaplasmosis are generally the same
signs and symptoms of encopresis may include: leakage of stool or liquid stool on underwear
signs and symptoms of esophageal cancer include: difficulty swallowing (dysphagia) weight loss without trying chest pain
signs and symptoms of ewing sarcoma include: pain
signs and symptoms of familial mediterranean fever usually begin during childhood. they occur in bouts called attacks that last 1-3 days. arthritic attacks may last for weeks or months. signs and symptoms of fmf attacks vary
signs and symptoms of floor of the mouth cancer can include: mouth pain sores in your mouth that won't heal loose teeth pain when you swallow weight loss ear pain swelling in your neck that may hurt white patches in your mouth that won't go away
signs and symptoms of frontotemporal dementia can be different from one individual to the next. signs and symptoms get progressively worse over time
signs and symptoms of functional neurologic disorder may vary
signs and symptoms of gastroparesis include: vomiting nausea abdominal bloating abdominal pain a feeling of fullness after eating just a few bites vomiting undigested food eaten a few hours earlier acid reflux changes in blood sugar levels lack of appetite weight loss and malnutrition many people with gastroparesis don't have any noticeable signs and symptoms.
signs and symptoms of geographic tongue may include: smooth
signs and symptoms of gi bleeding can be either obvious (overt) or hidden (occult). signs and symptoms depend on the location of the bleed
signs and symptoms of giant cell arteritis include: persistent
signs and symptoms of granulomatosis with polyangiitis can develop suddenly or over several months. the first warning signs usually involve your sinuses
signs and symptoms of hearing loss may include: muffling of speech and other sounds difficulty understanding words
signs and symptoms of hemophilia vary
signs and symptoms of hemorrhoids usually depend on the type of hemorrhoid. external hemorrhoids these are under the skin around your anus. signs and symptoms might include: itching or irritation in your anal region pain or discomfort swelling around your anus bleeding internal hemorrhoids internal hemorrhoids lie inside the rectum. you usually can't see or feel them
signs and symptoms of hht include: hht nosebleeds
signs and symptoms of hirschsprung's disease vary with the severity of the condition. usually signs and symptoms appear shortly after birth
signs and symptoms of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy might include one or more of the following: chest pain
signs and symptoms of hypoglycemia worsen and can include: confusion
signs and symptoms of hypoparathyroidism are usually related to low calcium levels in the blood. signs and symptoms can include: tingling or burning in the fingertips
signs and symptoms of inflammatory breast cancer include: rapid change in the appearance of one breast
signs and symptoms of ingrown hair include: tiny
signs and symptoms of intestinal obstruction include: crampy abdominal pain that comes and goes loss of appetite constipation vomiting inability to have a bowel movement or pass gas swelling of the abdomen
signs and symptoms of keratoconus may change as the disease progresses. they include: blurred or distorted vision increased sensitivity to bright light and glare
signs and symptoms of klinefelter syndrome vary widely among males with the disorder. many boys with klinefelter syndrome show few or only mild signs. the condition may go undiagnosed until adulthood or it may never be diagnosed. for others
signs and symptoms of lazy eye include: an eye that wanders inward or outward eyes that appear to not work together poor depth perception squinting or shutting an eye head tilting abnormal results of vision screening tests sometimes lazy eye is not evident without an eye exam.
signs and symptoms of lip cancer include: a flat or slightly raised whitish discoloration of the lip a sore on your lip that won't heal tingling
signs and symptoms of lupus nephritis include: blood in your urine foamy urine (due to excess protein in urine) high blood pressure swelling in your hands
signs and symptoms of malaria may include: fever chills general feeling of discomfort headache nausea and vomiting diarrhea abdominal pain muscle or joint pain fatigue rapid breathing rapid heart rate cough some people who have malaria experience cycles of malaria "attacks." an attack usually starts with shivering and chills
signs and symptoms of male breast cancer can include: a painless lump or thickening in your breast tissue changes to the skin covering your breast
signs and symptoms of mastitis can appear suddenly. they may include: breast tenderness or warmth to the touch breast swelling thickening of breast tissue
signs and symptoms of men 1 include the following: tiredness bone pain broken bones kidney stones ulcers in the stomach or intestines symptoms are caused by the release of too many hormones in the body. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff multiple endocrine neoplasia
signs and symptoms of menorrhagia may include: soaking through one or more sanitary pads or tampons every hour for several consecutive hours needing to use double sanitary protection to control your menstrual flow needing to wake up to change sanitary protection during the night bleeding for longer than a week passing blood clots larger than a quarter restricting daily activities due to heavy menstrual flow symptoms of anemia
signs and symptoms of mental illness can vary
signs and symptoms of mesothelioma vary depending on where the cancer occurs. pleural mesothelioma
signs and symptoms of microscopic colitis include: chronic watery diarrhea abdominal pain
signs and symptoms of mitral valve prolapse are due to the amount of blood leaking backward through the valve. mitral valve prolapse symptoms can vary widely from one person to another. many people with mitral valve prolapse don't have noticeable symptoms. other people may have mild symptoms that develop gradually. symptoms of mitral valve prolapse may include: a racing or irregular heartbeat (arrhythmia) dizziness or lightheadedness difficulty breathing or shortness of breath
signs and symptoms of mononucleosis may include: fatigue sore throat
signs and symptoms of morphea vary depending on the type and stage of the condition. they include: reddish or purplish oval patches of skin
signs and symptoms of mouth cancer may include: a lip or mouth sore that doesn't heal a white or reddish patch on the inside of your mouth loose teeth a growth or lump inside your mouth mouth pain ear pain difficult or painful swallowing
signs and symptoms of myofascial pain syndrome may include: deep
signs and symptoms of nasal and paranasal tumors can include: difficulty breathing through your nose loss of the sense of smell nosebleeds discharge from your nose facial swelling or pain watery eyes a sore or lesion on the roof of your mouth vision problems a lump in your neck difficulty opening your mouth
signs and symptoms of nephrotic syndrome include: severe swelling (edema)
signs and symptoms of neuroblastoma vary depending on what part of the body is affected. neuroblastoma in the abdomen — the most common form — may cause signs and symptoms such as: neuroblastoma in the abdomen abdominal pain a mass under the skin that isn't tender when touched changes in bowel habits
signs and symptoms of norovirus infection may start suddenly and include: nausea vomiting stomach pain or cramps watery or loose diarrhea feeling ill low-grade fever muscle pain signs and symptoms usually begin 12 to 48 hours after your first exposure to a norovirus and last 1 to 3 days. you can continue to shed virus in your stool for several weeks after recovery. this shedding can last weeks to months if you have another medical condition. some people with norovirus infection may show no signs or symptoms. however
signs and symptoms of obstructive sleep apnea include: excessive daytime sleepiness loud snoring observed episodes of stopped breathing during sleep abrupt awakenings accompanied by gasping or choking awakening with a dry mouth or sore throat morning headache difficulty concentrating during the day mood changes
signs and symptoms of ocular rosacea can precede the skin symptoms of rosacea
signs and symptoms of oral lichen planus affect the mucous membranes of the mouth. appearance the lesions may appear as: lacy
signs and symptoms of osteosarcoma may include
signs and symptoms of paraneoplastic syndromes of the nervous system can develop relatively quickly
signs and symptoms of pheochromocytomas often include: high blood pressure headache heavy sweating rapid heartbeat tremors pallor shortness of breath panic attack-type symptoms less common signs or symptoms may include: anxiety or sense of doom blurry vision constipation weight loss symptomatic spells the symptoms of pheochromocytoma may be constant
signs and symptoms of prader-willi syndrome can vary among individuals. symptoms may slowly change over time from childhood to adulthood. infants signs and symptoms that may be present from birth include: poor muscle tone. a primary sign during infancy is poor muscle tone (hypotonia). babies may rest with their elbows and knees loosely extended instead of fixed
signs and symptoms of prescription drug abuse depend on the specific drug. because of their mind-altering properties
signs and symptoms of primary lateral sclerosis usually take years to progress and generally begin in the legs. rarely
signs and symptoms of primary ovarian insufficiency are similar to those of menopause or estrogen deficiency. they include: irregular or skipped periods
signs and symptoms of prostatitis can vary depending on the type of disorder. they may include: pain or burning sensation when urinating (dysuria) difficulty urinating
signs and symptoms of pulmonary fibrosis may include: shortness of breath (dyspnea) a dry cough fatigue unexplained weight loss aching muscles and joints widening and rounding of the tips of the fingers or toes (clubbing) the course of pulmonary fibrosis — and the severity of symptoms — can vary considerably from person to person. some people become ill very quickly with severe disease. others have moderate symptoms that worsen more slowly
signs and symptoms of rectal cancer include: a change in bowel habits
signs and symptoms of recurrent breast cancer vary depending on where the cancer comes back. local recurrence in a local recurrence
signs and symptoms of respiratory syncytial virus infection most commonly appear about four to six days after exposure to the virus. in adults and older children
signs and symptoms of rhabdomyosarcoma depend on where the cancer is located. for example
signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis may include: tender
signs and symptoms of rickets can include: delayed growth delayed motor skills pain in the spine
signs and symptoms of ringworm may include: a scaly ring-shaped area
signs and symptoms of sarcoma include: a lump that can be felt through the skin that may or may not be painful bone pain a broken bone that happens unexpectedly
signs and symptoms of scoliosis may include: uneven shoulders one shoulder blade that appears more prominent than the other uneven waist one hip higher than the other one side of the rib cage jutting forward a prominence on one side of the back when bending forward with most scoliosis cases
signs and symptoms of shigella infection usually begin a day or two after contact with shigella. but it may take up to a week to develop. signs and symptoms may include: diarrhea (often containing blood or mucus) stomach pain or cramps fever nausea or vomiting symptoms generally last for about five to seven days. in some cases
signs and symptoms of sickle cell anemia usually appear around 6 months of age. they vary from person to person and may change over time. signs and symptoms can include: anemia. sickle cells break apart easily and die. red blood cells usually live for about 120 days before they need to be replaced. but sickle cells typically die in 10 to 20 days
signs and symptoms of sinus headaches may include: pain
signs and symptoms of small bowel cancer include: abdominal pain yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes (jaundice) feeling unusually weak or tired nausea vomiting losing weight without trying blood in the stool
signs and symptoms of spina bifida vary by type and severity
signs and symptoms of stomach cancer may include: trouble swallowing belly pain feeling bloated after eating feeling full after eating small amounts of food not feeling hungry when you would expect to be hungry heartburn indigestion nausea vomiting losing weight without trying feeling very tired stools that look black stomach cancer doesn't always cause symptoms in its early stages. when they happen
signs and symptoms of systemic mastocytosis depend on the part of the body affected by excessive mast cells. too many mast cells can build up in the skin
signs and symptoms of testicular torsion include: sudden
signs and symptoms of throat cancer may include: a cough changes in your voice
signs and symptoms of tmj disorders may include: pain or tenderness of your jaw pain in one or both of the temporomandibular joints aching pain in and around your ear difficulty chewing or pain while chewing aching facial pain locking of the joint
signs and symptoms of tongue-tie include: difficulty lifting the tongue to the upper teeth or moving the tongue from side to side trouble sticking out the tongue past the lower front teeth a tongue that appears notched or heart shaped when stuck out
signs and symptoms of tonsil cancer include: difficulty swallowing a sensation that something is caught in the back of your throat swelling and pain in the neck earache jaw stiffness
signs and symptoms of trachoma usually affect both eyes and may include: mild itching and irritation of the eyes and eyelids eye discharge containing mucus or pus eyelid swelling light sensitivity (photophobia) eye pain eye redness vision loss young children are particularly susceptible to infection. but the disease progresses slowly
signs and symptoms of transverse myelitis usually develop over a few hours to a few days and may sometimes progress gradually over several weeks. transverse myelitis usually affects both sides of the body below the affected area of the spinal cord
signs and symptoms of trichotillomania often include: repeatedly pulling your hair out
signs and symptoms of turner syndrome may vary among girls and women with the disorder. for some girls
signs and symptoms of ureteral cancer include: blood in urine back pain pain when urinating losing weight without trying fatigue
signs and symptoms of viral hemorrhagic fevers vary by disease. in general
signs and symptoms of vulvar cancer may include: itching that doesn't go away pain and tenderness bleeding that isn't from menstruation skin changes
signs and symptoms of whiplash usually develop within days of the injury
signs and symptoms of wilms' tumor vary widely
signs and symptoms possibly associated with blastocystis include: watery diarrhea nausea abdominal pain bloating excessive gas loss of appetite weight loss anal itching fatigue
signs and symptoms start to appear. the most pronounced changes generally occur at 12 to 18 months of age
signs and symptoms such as minor pain and swelling may develop months or years after knee replacement or hip replacement surgery. also
signs and symptoms that may disturb your sleep include: damp sheets or nightclothes due to perspiration nightmares tiredness
signs and symptoms that may occur in people with wpw syndrome include: wpw a rapid
signs and symptoms that might indicate a high blood pressure emergency (hypertensive crisis) include: headaches seizures vomiting chest pains fast
signs and symptoms usually appear
signs and symptoms will vary
signs and symptoms worsen. thick mucus accumulates inside your airways
signs and symptoms — other than short stature — vary considerably across the spectrum of disorders. disproportionate dwarfism most people with dwarfism have disorders that cause disproportionately short stature. usually
signs may become more severe and more noticeable. eventually
signs of dyslexia can be difficult to recognize before your child enters school
signs of nonclassic cah may also include: cah early appearance of pubic hair and other signs of early puberty severe acne rapid growth during childhood with an advanced bone age and shorter than expected final height
signs of tonsillitis may include: drooling due to difficult or painful swallowing refusal to eat unusual fussiness
signs of transposition of the great arteries may be detected during certain routine screening tests done during pregnancy. however
signs or symptoms of gas or gas pains include: burping passing gas pain
signs or symptoms of the disease depend on which artery or arteries are affected. if the arteries to the kidneys are affected
silver like dusting
similar to an orange peel tenderness
similar to being on a roller coaster sometimes temporal lobe seizures impair your ability to respond to others. this type of temporal lobe seizure usually lasts 30 seconds to two minutes. characteristic signs and symptoms include: loss of awareness of surroundings staring lip smacking repeated swallowing or chewing unusual finger movements
similar to bruises
similar to cramps.
similar to menstrual cramps sharp and sudden accompanied by slight vaginal bleeding or discharge rarely
similar to varicose veins swelling in the arms or legs decreased blood pressure fatigue heart failure a significant arteriovenous fistula in the lungs (pulmonary arteriovenous fistula) is a serious condition and can cause: pale gray or blue lips or fingernails due to lack of blood flow (cyanosis) fingertips to spread out and become rounder than normal (clubbing) coughing up blood an arteriovenous fistula in the digestive tract can cause gastrointestinal (gi) bleeding.
similar to what occurs with rheumatoid arthritis. rash. red or reddish brown patches can appear over the knuckles.
similar to writer's cramp. anxiety worsens the effect. some athletes become so anxious and self-focused — overthinking to the point of distraction — that their ability to execute a skill
simple kidney cysts typically don't cause symptoms. but if a simple kidney cyst grows large enough
since it is an inherited genetic condition. however
since it's very uncommon. if you're interested in reducing your risk of cancer in general
since the common reaction is to throw out your arms to catch yourself when you fall. risk factors the risk of greenstick fractures is higher in young children because their bones are softer and more flexible than adult bones. in a greenstick fracture
since these forms of the disease are very rare. pericardial mesothelioma
sinus infections
sinus infections and nosebleeds coughing
sinus pressure
sinuses and nasal passages
sinuses and skin — that can be life-threating. xla male infants born with xla have: xla very small tonsils small or no lymph nodes causes x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother open pop-up dialog box close x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother x-linked inheritance pattern with carrier mother women can pass down x-linked recessive disorders such as x-linked agammaglobulinemia. a woman who is a carrier of an x-linked recessive disorder has a 25% chance of having an unaffected son
sinusitis
sitting for a long time
sitting up or other infant milestones delayed speech development or nasal-sounding speech learning delays or disabilities behavior problems when to see a doctor other conditions may cause signs and symptoms similar to 22q11.2 deletion syndrome. so it's important to get an accurate and prompt diagnosis if your child shows any signs or symptoms listed above. doctors may suspect 22q11.2 deletion syndrome: at birth. if certain conditions — a severe heart defect
sitting up or walking — later than other children do. speech problems. speech is often delayed. poor articulation of words may be an ongoing problem into adulthood. behavioral problems. children and adults may at times be stubborn
size
size and health of the person affected
size and number of fibroids. in women who have symptoms
size and rate of growth of the metastatic tumors. signs and symptoms of brain metastases include: headache
size and shape of lesions discomfort
size or feel or that bleeds a small lesion with an irregular border and portions that appear red
size or height. this abcde guide can help you remember what to watch for: abcde a is for asymmetrical shape. one half is unlike the other half. b is for border. look for moles with irregular
skin
skin anatomy open pop-up dialog box close skin anatomy skin anatomy your skin has three layers that house your sweat and oil glands
skin and adrenal glands. if untreated
skin and eyes that are light in color unusual behaviors
skin and vaginal infections. type 1 diabetes can start at any age. but it often starts during childhood or teen years. type 2 diabetes
skin color may be nearly the same as that of parents or siblings without albinism. with exposure to the sun
skin coloring never changes. for others
skin discoloration
skin peeling
skin rash
skin tag or lump
skin tone
skin wounds and surgery. it usually develops suddenly with: a high fever nausea and vomiting a rash on your palms and soles that looks like a sunburn confusion muscle aches diarrhea stomach pain septic arthritis septic arthritis is often caused by a staph infection. the bacteria often target the knees
skin-colored bump that's translucent
skin-colored bumps small bumps — typically under about 1/4 inch (smaller than 6 millimeters) in diameter bumps with a small dent or dot at the top near the center itchy
skull
sleep disturbances
sleep problems or loss of interest in sex — not caused by a medical condition or medication often wanting to stay at home
sleep terrors differ from nightmares. the dreamer of a nightmare wakes up from the dream and may remember details
slight displacement of the urethral opening may be subtle and more difficult to identify. talk to your doctor if you have concerns about the appearance of your child's penis or if there are problems with urination.
slightly raised
slightly raised appearance. the rash may be itchy
slightly raised lesions. they can appear anywhere
slow movements and poor coordination irregular heartbeats tremors lingering odor of inhalant material rash around the nose and mouth opioid painkillers opioids are narcotic
slow or low-volume speech (dysarthria) visual disturbances
slow wound healing
slowed movement and other muscle impairments. peripheral neuropathy. this condition refers to patterns of damage to nerves that transmit messages from the brain or spinal column to the rest of your body. when damage involves only the sensory nerves of the peripheral nervous system
slur or hesitate before talking. your speech may be more of a monotone rather than have the usual speech patterns. writing changes. it may become hard to write
slur words or have difficulty understanding speech. paralysis or numbness of the face
slurred speech
slurred speech and drooling difficulties with chewing and swallowing sometimes
small amounts of urine blood in the urine (hematuria) passing cloudy or strong-smelling urine pelvic discomfort a feeling of pressure in the area below your belly button (abdomen) low-grade fever in young children
small amounts of urine urine that appears red
small arteriovenous fistulas in the legs
small bowel cancer begins when healthy cells in the small bowel develop changes (mutations) in their dna. a cell's dna contains a set of instructions that tell a cell what to do. healthy cells grow and divide in an orderly way to keep your body functioning normally. but when a cell's dna is damaged and becomes cancerous
small cauliflower-like bumps or tiny stemlike protrusions. in women
small dents in nails
small earlobes and prominent eyes. they also have thin
small vessel disease signs and symptoms include: chest pain
smallpox open pop-up dialog box close smallpox smallpox these are smallpox sores on the skin. this photograph was taken in bangladesh in 1974. smallpox open pop-up dialog box smallpox open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close smallpox smallpox these are smallpox sores on the skin. this photograph was taken in bangladesh in 1974. close smallpox smallpox these are smallpox sores on the skin. this photograph was taken in bangladesh in 1974. close smallpox smallpox these are smallpox sores on the skin. this photograph was taken in bangladesh in 1974. close close close smallpox smallpox these are smallpox sores on the skin. this photograph was taken in bangladesh in 1974. smallpox these are smallpox sores on the skin. this photograph was taken in bangladesh in 1974. these are smallpox sores on the skin. this photograph was taken in bangladesh in 1974. the first symptoms of smallpox usually appear 12 to 14 days after you're exposed to the smallpox virus. however
smell
smell (olfactory) or touch (tactile) hallucinations are possible. movement disorders. signs of parkinson's disease (parkinsonian signs)
smell or taste; or you're concerned about the consequences of eating
smells
smiling or swinging your arms when you walk. speech changes. you may speak softly
smooth and firm
smooth and firm breast lump a large
smooth borders easily moved firm or rubbery a fibroadenoma often grows slowly. the average size is about 1 inch (2.5 centimeters). a fibroadenoma can get bigger over time. it may be tender or cause soreness a few days before your period. a large fibroadenoma may hurt when you touch it. but most often
sneezing
sneezing itching of the nose
snoring can also be heard in the presence of central sleep apnea. however
snoring is often associated with a sleep disorder called obstructive sleep apnea (osa). not all snorers have osa
snoring may not be as prominent with central sleep apnea as it is with obstructive sleep apnea.
snorted
so even if a past reaction was mild
so even small tasks take extra effort reduced appetite and weight loss or increased cravings for food and weight gain anxiety
so even with a severe placental abruption
so i'm having trouble breathing. sometimes
so if they're small
so if thrush develops
so if you've rubbed a blister on your toe
so it can be difficult to tell which one you have. condition symptoms onset duration hay fever runny nose with thin
so it does not cause total blindness. dry macular degeneration is one of two types of age-related macular degeneration. it can progress to wet macular degeneration
so it doesn't cause total blindness.
so it may be difficult to realize that their symptoms are actually part of a serious mental health disorder. they continue with the deception
so it might drag on the floor when you walk. to help the foot clear the floor
so it might not cause signs and symptoms at first. when they occur
so it's hard for me to run without getting stiff. walking has also been uncomfortable.
so it's important to let your child's health care provider know about a sign or symptom that has gone away. other signs and symptoms that might develop include: abdominal pain diarrhea irritability joint pain vomiting children with a high fever for five or more days who have fewer than four of the above signs and symptoms might have what's known as incomplete kawasaki disease. children with incomplete kawasaki disease are still at risk of coronary artery injury and still require treatment within 10 days of the onset of symptoms. kawasaki disease can have symptoms similar to that of multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children
so more prescriptions must be written trying to get prescriptions from more than one prescriber
so symptoms depend on the type of nerves affected. nerves are classified into: sensory nerves that receive sensation
so the disease can go unnoticed for years or decades. it's sometimes suspected when routine tests reveal protein and red blood cells in your urine that can't be seen without a microscope (microscopic hematuria). iga signs and symptoms of iga nephropathy include: iga cola- or tea-colored urine (caused by red blood cells in the urine) repeated episodes of cola- or tea-colored urine
so the symptom doesn't become a problem until it starts interfering with daily tasks. emphysema eventually causes shortness of breath even while you're at rest. when to see a doctor see your doctor if you've had unexplained shortness of breath for several months
so the symptoms usually don't worsen with age. however
so the symptoms will be similar from episode to episode. doctors generally classify seizures as either focal or generalized
so they are closer together. despite irregular periods
so they can't retain new information. recent memories are most likely to be lost. more-remote or deeply ingrained memories may be spared. for example
so you can avoid future and potentially worse reactions. anaphylaxis is a medical emergency and requires treatment with an epinephrine (adrenaline) shot (epipen
so you may have all three stages of the rash — bumps
so you're at higher risk of developing the disorder if anyone in your immediate family has the disease. other causes of neuropathies
so you're more likely to trip and fall. and your brain may not receive pain messages from your feet
social
social activities
social activities and with friends.
social activities or relationships with others. some people may feel generally miserable or unhappy without really knowing why. depression symptoms in children and teens common signs and symptoms of depression in children and teenagers are similar to those of adults
social activities or relationships. an episode includes five or more of these symptoms: depressed mood
social anxiety disorder includes fear
soft or even strained voice
soles
soles and sometimes the buttocks. the rash is not itchy
solid
solid-feeling lump that moves easily under your skin a hard
some adults may have symptoms similar to infectious mononucleosis
some carcinoid tumors don't cause any signs or symptoms. when they do occur
some cheeses some beers and wines chocolate dried or smoked meats certain medications that can make symptoms worse include: certain medications monoamine oxidase inhibitors (maois)
some children just naturally have a higher activity level than others do. children should never be classified as having adhd just because they're different from their friends or siblings. adhd children who have problems in school but get along well at home or with friends are likely struggling with something other than adhd. the same is true of children who are hyperactive or inattentive at home
some children show signs of autism spectrum disorder in early infancy
some children with autism spectrum disorder become more engaged with others and show fewer disturbances in behavior. some
some joint discomfort may last from a few days to a few weeks. later attacks are likely to last longer and affect more joints. inflammation and redness. the affected joint or joints become swollen
some men have symptoms similar to those of menopause in women. these can include: difficulty concentrating hot flashes when to seek help see your health care provider if you have symptoms of male hypogonadism. finding the cause of hypogonadism is an important first step to getting appropriate treatment.
some men with delayed ejaculation need 30 minutes or more of sexual stimulation to have an orgasm and ejaculate. other men might not be able to ejaculate at all (anejaculation). but
some of the more common features include: flattened face small head short neck protruding tongue upward slanting eye lids (palpebral fissures) unusually shaped or small ears poor muscle tone broad
some of which are inherited and passed on from parent to child. if you have the most common form
some of which are slightly raised. spots and bumps in tight clusters give the skin a splotchy red appearance. the face breaks out first. over the next few days
some people carry c. difficile bacteria in their intestines but never become sick. these individuals are carriers of the bacteria and may spread infections. signs and symptoms usually develop within 5 to 10 days after starting a course of antibiotics. however
some people develop several of them. the chancre usually develops about three weeks after exposure. many people who have syphilis don't notice the chancre because it's usually painless
some people have dull
some people have headache
some people have no symptoms in the early stages of avascular necrosis. as the condition worsens
some people may develop: freckles. moles
some people naturally sweat more or less than other people. body odor also can vary from person to person. see a doctor if: you suddenly begin to sweat much more or less than usual sweating disrupts your daily routine you experience night sweats for no apparent reason you notice a change in your body odor causes sweating and body odor are caused by sweat glands in your body. the two main types of sweat glands are eccrine glands and apocrine glands. eccrine glands occur over most of your body and open directly onto the surface of the skin. when your body temperature rises
some people who have myocardial ischemia don't have any signs or symptoms (silent ischemia). when they do occur
some people with a davf may not have any symptoms. however
some people with adhd have fewer symptoms as they age
some people with aortic valve disease may not notice symptoms for many years. signs and symptoms of aortic valve disease may include: whooshing or swishing heart sound (heart murmur) chest pain or tightness dizziness fainting fatigue after activity or having less ability to be active irregular heartbeat shortness of breath
some people with atrial fibrillation (a-fib) don't notice any symptoms. those who do have atrial fibrillation symptoms may have signs and symptoms such as: sensations of a fast
some people with colon polyps may have: change in bowel habits. constipation or diarrhea that lasts longer than a week may mean the presence of a larger colon polyp or cancer. however
some people with congenitally corrected transposition of the great arteries may not have symptoms for many years. signs and symptoms of transposition of the great arteries after birth include: blue color of the skin (cyanosis) shortness of breath weak pulse lack of appetite poor weight gain a blue skin color may not be as noticeable in babies who are born with transposition of the great arteries and other congenital heart defects. this is because these other heart conditions — such as atrial septal defect
some people with early myocarditis don't have symptoms. others have mild symptoms. common myocarditis symptoms include: chest pain fatigue swelling of the legs
some people with heart valve disease might not have symptoms for many years. when signs and symptoms occur
some people with hemochromatosis never have symptoms. early symptoms often overlap with those of other common conditions. symptoms may include: joint pain. abdominal pain. fatigue. weakness. diabetes. loss of sex drive. impotence. heart failure. liver failure. bronze or gray skin color. memory fog. when symptoms typically appear the most common type of hemochromatosis is present at birth. but most people don't experience symptoms until later in life — usually after age 40 in men and after age 60 in women. women are more likely to develop symptoms after menopause
some people with tourette syndrome can temporarily stop or hold back a tic.
some signs and symptoms of soft palate cancer can include the following: bleeding difficulty swallowing difficulty speaking bad breath mouth pain sores in your mouth that won't heal loose teeth pain when you swallow weight loss ear pain swelling in your neck that may hurt white patches in your mouth that won't go away
some subtle — and some not-so-subtle — changes in your body may take place. you might experience: irregular periods. as ovulation becomes more unpredictable
some symptoms might become more or less apparent. and muscle shortening and muscle rigidity can worsen if not treated aggressively.
some symptoms of cas are also symptoms of other types of speech or language disorders. it's difficult to diagnose cas if a child has only symptoms that are found both in cas and in other types of speech or language disorders. cas cas cas cas some characteristics
some symptoms of rsv and covid-19 can be similar. in children
some types of malaria parasites can lie dormant in your body for up to a year.
some women who have an ectopic pregnancy have the usual early signs or symptoms of pregnancy — a missed period
someone with alcohol poisoning may choke on his or her own vomit and not be able to breathe. while waiting for help
sometimes
sometimes a few days later
sometimes accompanied by night sweats not everyone has these early signs and symptoms. it's possible for inflammation to damage arteries for years before you realize something is wrong. stage 2 during the second stage
sometimes aortic valve regurgitation occurs suddenly
sometimes bladder stones — even large ones — cause no problems. but if a stone irritates the bladder wall or blocks the flow of urine
sometimes called a goiter
sometimes called flesh moles or dermatosis papulosa nigra
sometimes called heart palpitations. increased hunger. nervousness
sometimes called markers
sometimes called summer depression
sometimes called upside-down ptosis sunken appearance of the affected eye little or no sweating (anhidrosis) on the affected side of the face signs and symptoms
sometimes called winter depression
sometimes causing pain. eyelids. rapid blinking or spasms cause your eyes to close (blepharospasms) and make it difficult for you to see. spasms usually aren't painful but might increase when you're in bright light
sometimes described as a general lack of clarity of vision. fluctuation in vision
sometimes disrupting sleep.
sometimes frothy discharge.
sometimes it can indicate a more serious condition. see your dentist or primary care professional if you have any of the following: white plaques or sores in your mouth that don't heal on their own within two weeks lumps or white
sometimes it's difficult to recognize the difference between a strong-willed or emotional child and one with oppositional defiant disorder. it's common for children to show oppositional behavior at certain stages of development. symptoms of odd generally begin during preschool years. sometimes odd may develop later
sometimes itchy
sometimes itchy or painful bump on your skin — and may even go unnoticed. harmless spider bites usually don't produce any other symptoms. many skin sores look the same but have other causes
sometimes just at night coughing shortness of breath chest tightness other possible signs and symptoms may include: runny nose nasal congestion eye irritation and tearing occupational asthma symptoms depend on the substance you're exposed to
sometimes known as word salad. extremely disorganized or abnormal motor behavior. this may show in several ways
sometimes leading to falls back pain that's worse at night loss of sensation or muscle weakness
sometimes leading to falls feeling less sensitive to cold
sometimes on a daily basis and often starting in childhood lacy red vessels or tiny red spots
sometimes producing a persistent grin painful spasms and rigidity in your neck muscles difficulty swallowing rigid abdominal muscles progression of tetanus results in repeated painful
sometimes quickly. if you have an enlarging abdominal aortic aneurysm
sometimes severely. dupuytren contracture most commonly affects the two fingers farthest from the thumb. the condition often occurs in both hands.
sometimes to the point of deadly self-starvation. bulimia nervosa bulimia (boo-lee-me-uh) nervosa — commonly called bulimia — is a serious
sometimes with bloody phlegm shortness of breath or wheezing fever fatigue joint pain numbness in your limbs
sometimes with oozing and crusting swelling
sometimes with vomiting or nausea mental changes
sometimes with white or yellowish patches difficulty swallowing enlarged glands in the neck (lymph nodes) that are tender to the touch nausea or vomiting belly (abdominal) pain headache and body aches the rash and the redness in the face and tongue usually last about a week. after these signs and symptoms have gone away
sometimes with white patches or streaks of pus tiny red spots on the area at the back of the roof of the mouth (soft or hard palate) swollen
sometimes within 24 hours. for some
sore joints (arthritis). people with henoch-schonlein purpura often have pain and swelling around the joints — mainly in the knees and ankles. joint pain sometimes precedes the classical rash by one or two weeks. these symptoms subside when the disease clears and leave no lasting damage. digestive tract symptoms. many children with henoch-schonlein purpura develop belly pain
sore throat
sore throats
soreness or pain along the inner side of your shinbone and mild swelling in your lower leg. at first
sores develop on the hands
sores that won't heal
sound
sound and taste poor judgment memory problems or loss of memory reduced consciousness increased or decreased heart rate and blood pressure hallucinogens use of hallucinogens can produce different signs and symptoms
sound asleep or in the middle of a business meeting. you may have occasional panic attacks
sound or touch
spasms or cramps seizures coma
spasms or freezing. causes in some people
spasticity or inability to control the speech muscles. making speech sounds is difficult because the speech muscles can't move as far
speaking and breathing. als there's generally no pain in the early stages of als
speaking and swallowing dry or sore throat and hoarseness dry or grooved tongue a changed sense of taste problems wearing dentures in addition
speaking and swallowing stiff
speaking or body movements feelings of worthlessness or guilt
speaking or brushing teeth attacks of pain lasting from a few seconds to several minutes pain that occurs with facial spasms bouts of multiple attacks lasting days
speaking or walking
speaks in a monotone
speech and eating
speech may include putting together meaningless words that can't be understood
speech or behavior odd perceptual experiences
spelling or math men signs and symptoms may include: low sperm count or no sperm small testicles and penis low sex drive taller than average height weak bones decreased facial and body hair less muscular compared with other men enlarged breast tissue increased belly fat
spelling or math. driving. getting dressed. telling the difference between objects that are moving and those that are still. judging how far away objects are. using everyday objects or tools. identifying left from right. other common symptoms include: anxiety. confusion. changes in behavior and personality. memory problems may occur later in the disease. causes the most common cause of posterior cortical atrophy is a form of alzheimer's disease that's not typical. it affects the back of the brain. other less common causes include corticobasal degeneration
spending sprees
spice and bath salts two groups of synthetic drugs — synthetic cannabinoids and substituted or synthetic cathinones — are illegal in most states. the effects of these drugs can be dangerous and unpredictable
spider veins open pop-up dialog box close spider veins spider veins spider veins appear as thin
spina bifida occulta causes no symptoms and doesn't need treatment. tethered cord syndrome. the spinal cord normally hangs freely within the spinal canal. tethered cord syndrome is a disorder that occurs when tissue attached to the spinal cord limits its movements. signs and symptoms may include weakness or numbness in the legs and bladder or bowel incontinence. the risks of these spinal problems increase if the sacral dimple is accompanied by a nearby tuft of hair
spinal cord damage
spinal cord tumors can cause different signs and symptoms
spinal stenosis often causes no symptoms. when symptoms do occur
spine or other bones painful
spinning movements
spinning or hand flapping performs activities that could cause self-harm
spleen
spleen or lymph nodes depression
splitting or "bursting" pain usually affect both sides of your head and may be worse in the back of your head may be followed by a dull
spongy material inside your bones that produces blood cells. aplastic anemia can have no symptoms. when present
spongy material inside your bones that produces blood cells. bone marrow bone marrow is a red
spongy material inside your bones that produces blood cells. bone marrow is a red
spongy material inside your bones that produces blood cells. bone marrow open pop-up dialog box bone marrow open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close bone marrow bone marrow bone marrow is a red
spongy material inside your bones that produces blood cells. close bone marrow bone marrow bone marrow is a red
spongy material inside your bones that produces blood cells. close close close bone marrow bone marrow bone marrow is a red
spots of bright red blood on toilet tissue and having to strain during bowel movements. eyes. gonorrhea that affects your eyes can cause eye pain
spots or blisters dry
spotting happens before an event with more blood loss. the bleeding may occur with prelabor contractions of the uterus that cause pain. the bleeding may also be triggered by sex or during a medical exam. for some women
spotting urination
spotty or hazy. more informationscreening for diabetic macular edema: how often?spotting symptoms of diabetic macular edema
spotty rash
spring and summer can bring on symptoms of mania or a less intense form of mania (hypomania)
squamous cell carcinoma occurs on sun-exposed areas of your body
squamous cell carcinoma of the skin most often occurs on sun-exposed skin
squeezing
squeezing or discomfort (angina)
stabbing
stair climbing or sprinting. you might also experience tenderness or stiffness
standing or walking can make it worse.
standing up or moving your head. your dizziness may be accompanied by nausea or be so sudden or severe that you need to sit or lie down. the episode may last seconds or days and may recur.
staph infection open pop-up dialog box close staph infection staph infection mrsa infections start out as small red bumps that can quickly turn into deep
start slowly and build up gradually to 30 minutes. also
starting around 2 years of age or younger. progressive loss of speech and muscle function occurs rapidly. children with this form often do not survive beyond childhood. juvenile form. this is the second most common form and starts in children between 3 and 16 years of age. early signs are behavior and cognitive problems and increasing difficulty in school. loss of the ability to walk may occur. although the juvenile form doesn't progress as fast as the late infantile form
starting around age 2 years. constant hunger leads to eating often and consuming large portions. unusual food-seeking behaviors
starting four days before the rash appears and ending when the rash has been present for four days.
stealing
stealing or selling prescriptions taking higher doses than prescribed being hostile or having mood swings sleeping less or more making poor decisions being unusually energetic
sticky mucus and have a fever. i'm just feeling really run down and exhausted from all of this.
sticky mucus. i'm just so tired and worn out from dealing with this.
sticky mucus. i've also been feeling really tired and weak.
sticky saliva. i'm feeling really tired and worn out.
sties or chalazia the severity of ocular rosacea symptoms doesn't always match the severity of skin symptoms.
stiff neck
stiff or exaggerated body language is fascinated by details of an object
stiffness and tenderness at the base of your thumb decreased strength when pinching or grasping objects decreased range of motion enlarged or bony appearance of the joint at the base of your thumb
stillbirth or premature birth in pregnant women
sting or burn. athlete's foot athlete's foot is a fungal infection that causes scaly rash that may itch
sting or burn. athlete's foot can affect one or both feet. common signs and symptoms are: scaly
sting or burn. athlete's foot is a fungal infection that causes scaly rash that may itch
sting or burn. athlete's foot open pop-up dialog box athlete's foot open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close athlete's foot athlete's foot athlete's foot is a fungal infection that causes scaly rash that may itch
sting or burn. close athlete's foot athlete's foot athlete's foot is a fungal infection that causes scaly rash that may itch
sting or burn. close close close athlete's foot athlete's foot athlete's foot is a fungal infection that causes scaly rash that may itch
stinging in a group. if you get stung more than a dozen times
stinging pain welts or tracks on the skin — a "print" of the tentacles' contact with the skin itchiness (pruritus) swelling throbbing pain that radiates up a leg or an arm severe jellyfish stings can affect multiple body systems. these reactions may appear rapidly or several hours after the stings. symptoms of severe jellyfish stings include: stomach pain
stomach
stomach acid
stomach and intestines
stomach area or throat.
stomach bleeding
stomach or face twitching or spasms of muscles
stomach pain
stomachaches or other symptoms when separation from a parent or other loved one is anticipated separation anxiety disorder may be associated with panic disorder and panic attacks ― repeated episodes of sudden feelings of intense anxiety and fear or terror that reach a peak within minutes.
stools or vomit bleeding under the skin
stores and moves sperm. testicles produce sperm. fluid from the seminal vesicles and prostate gland combine with sperm to make semen. the penis ejaculates semen during sexual intercourse. close close close male reproductive system male reproductive system the male reproductive system makes
stores and moves sperm. testicles produce sperm. fluid from the seminal vesicles and prostate gland combine with sperm to make semen. the penis ejaculates semen during sexual intercourse. close male reproductive system male reproductive system the male reproductive system makes
stores and moves sperm. testicles produce sperm. fluid from the seminal vesicles and prostate gland combine with sperm to make semen. the penis ejaculates semen during sexual intercourse. female reproductive system open pop-up dialog box close female reproductive system female reproductive system the ovaries
stores and moves sperm. testicles produce sperm. fluid from the seminal vesicles and prostate gland combine with sperm to make semen. the penis ejaculates semen during sexual intercourse. hypogonadism can begin during fetal development
stores and moves sperm. testicles produce sperm. fluid from the seminal vesicles and prostate gland combine with sperm to make semen. the penis ejaculates semen during sexual intercourse. male reproductive system open pop-up dialog box male reproductive system open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close male reproductive system male reproductive system the male reproductive system makes
stores and moves sperm. testicles produce sperm. fluid from the seminal vesicles and prostate gland combine with sperm to make semen. the penis ejaculates semen during sexual intercourse. male reproductive system the male reproductive system makes
stores and moves sperm. testicles produce sperm. fluid from the seminal vesicles and prostate gland combine with sperm to make semen. the penis ejaculates semen during sexual intercourse. signs and symptoms of scrotal masses vary depending on the abnormality. signs and symptoms might include: an unusual lump sudden pain a dull aching pain or feeling of heaviness in the scrotum pain that radiates throughout the groin
stores and moves sperm. testicles produce sperm. fluid from the seminal vesicles and prostate gland combine with sperm to make semen. the penis ejaculates semen during sexual intercourse. the male reproductive system makes
strains and other soft-tissue injuries. american academy of orthopaedic surgeons. https://orthoinfo.aaos.org/en/diseases--conditions/sprains-strains-and-other-soft-tissue-injuries. accessed april 27
strains during a bowel movement or stands for a long period. signs of trouble if you aren't able to push the hernia in
strengths and weaknesses rather than trying to label a particular type of aphasia.
strep throat infection open pop-up dialog box close strep throat infection strep throat infection strep throat usually causes throat pain and difficulty swallowing. this photo of strep throat shows inflammation and red spots
stress
stress or demands in your life. although avoiding situations that produce anxiety may make you feel better in the short term
stress test
stressed
stretch marks in pregnancy open pop-up dialog box close stretch marks in pregnancy stretch marks in pregnancy stretch marks are common in pregnancy
stroke or heart failure. it's important to watch for heart symptoms and discuss concerns with your health care provider. heart (cardiovascular) disease can sometimes be found early with regular health checkups. what is coronary artery disease? a mayo clinic cardiologist explains. stephen kopecky
studies have shown that most people who see a health care provider for sinus headaches are found to have migraines instead. sinusitis
stuffiness
stuffy nose watery
stuttering priapism describes repetitive episodes of prolonged erections and often includes episodes of ischemic priapism. it occurs more often in males who have an inherited disorder characterized by abnormally shaped red blood cells (sickle cell disease). sickle cells can block the blood vessels in the penis. in some cases
sublingual and submandibular. each gland has its own tube (duct) leading from the gland to the mouth. close close close salivary glands salivary glands there are three pairs of major salivary glands — parotid
sublingual and submandibular. each gland has its own tube (duct) leading from the gland to the mouth. close salivary glands salivary glands there are three pairs of major salivary glands — parotid
sublingual and submandibular. each gland has its own tube (duct) leading from the gland to the mouth. salivary glands open pop-up dialog box salivary glands open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close salivary glands salivary glands there are three pairs of major salivary glands — parotid
sublingual and submandibular. each gland has its own tube (duct) leading from the gland to the mouth. salivary glands there are three pairs of major salivary glands — parotid
sublingual and submandibular. each gland has its own tube (duct) leading from the gland to the mouth. the two main symptoms of sjogren's syndrome are: dry eyes. your eyes might burn
sublingual and submandibular. each gland has its own tube (duct) leading from the gland to the mouth. there are three pairs of major salivary glands — parotid
substernal chest pain
success and attractiveness failure to recognize others' needs and feelings exaggeration of achievements or talents expectation of constant praise and admiration arrogance unreasonable expectations of favors and advantages
such as "pie" sounding like "bye" many children with cas have difficulty getting their jaws
such as a bacterial infection. bites from some spiders
such as a bent wrist when to call a doctor if you think you might have a broken wrist
such as a bruit behind the ear
such as a burning sensation when you urinate or a pus-like discharge from your penis
such as a bus
such as a cold or the flu fasting or eating a very low-calorie diet dehydration menstruation strenuous exercise stress
such as a cold or the flu signs that your asthma is probably worsening include: asthma signs and symptoms that are more frequent and bothersome increasing difficulty breathing
such as a decreased response to pain; small hands and feet that are usually cold; problems with chewing and swallowing; problems with bowel function; and teeth grinding. stages of rett syndrome rett syndrome is commonly divided into four stages: stage 1: early onset. signs and symptoms are subtle and easily overlooked during the first stage
such as a feeling that something that is actually harmless or inoffensive has a direct personal meaning peculiar
such as a growth or a sore that won't heal. these changes in the skin (lesions) usually have one of the following characteristics: a shiny
such as a hand forming a clenched fist muscle jerks difficulty swallowing abnormal eye movements trouble with thinking and language skills speech problems
such as a heart attack. typical signs and symptoms include: sudden severe chest or upper back pain
such as a lump. instead
such as a mild headache or body aches. while these symptoms usually improve in about a week
such as a mole that grows in size or that changes color or shape. moles may also evolve to develop new signs and symptoms
such as a nosebleed or bleeding gums painful swelling of one joint
such as a protruding lower jaw and brow bone
such as a stroke or a brain tumor. a person with aphasia may: speak in short or incomplete sentences speak in sentences that don't make sense substitute one word for another or one sound for another speak unrecognizable words have difficulty finding words not understand other people's conversation not understand what they read write sentences that don't make sense patterns of aphasia people with aphasia may have different strengths and weaknesses in their speech patterns. sometimes these patterns are labeled as different types of aphasia
such as a sudden loss of language. over time
such as a virus. less often
such as aching and cramping when knitting
such as after vaginal intercourse abdominal or pelvic pain gonorrhea at other sites in the body gonorrhea can also affect these parts of the body: rectum. signs and symptoms include anal itching
such as airplanes
such as alcohol or illegal drugs
such as alprazolam (xanax)
such as amphetamines or cocaine when to see a doctor although high blood pressure is a primary sign of a pheochromocytoma
such as an arm or leg
such as an enlarged clitoris that may resemble a penis
such as an underdeveloped chin
such as aneurysms and narrowing or blockage of the vessel. digestive system. a variety of signs and symptoms can affect the digestive system
such as anxiety
such as anxiety and depression problems with fine and gross motor skills
such as anxiety and skin picking
such as anxiety or mood disorders. and many adults with adhd also have at least one other mental health condition
such as anxiety or persistent fear
such as anxious distress
such as appearance
such as appearing unkempt or wearing oddly matched clothes peculiar style of speech
such as artificial joints or cardiac pacemakers toxic shock syndrome this life-threatening condition results from toxins produced by some strains of staph bacteria. the condition has been linked to certain types of tampons
such as at a party. often
such as at home with close family members. this can interfere with school
such as attempting to use the correct vowel
such as attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd) or symptoms of autism spectrum disorder psychological problems
such as back pain or headaches for many people with depression
such as bathing or dressing bizarre behavior violent or aggressive behavior or agitation recreational drug or nicotine use emotions: irritability or depressed mood lack of emotion
such as bees and wasps
such as being chased or defending yourself from an attack noises
such as being either too stiff or too floppy stiff muscles with normal reflexes (rigidity) lack of balance and muscle coordination (ataxia) tremors or jerky involuntary movements slow
such as being emotionally high one day and deeply discouraged the next being preoccupied with death
such as being incoherent bizarre or unusual behavior symptoms of depression
such as being lost or kidnapped
such as being unable to move an arm or leg
such as biting or head-banging develops specific routines or rituals and becomes disturbed at the slightest change has problems with coordination or has odd movement patterns
such as bleeding from the nose and mouth decreased urination or blood in the urine swelling (edema) of the legs
such as bloating
such as blood thinners or drugs for diabetes
such as blurred or double vision and difficulty focusing your eyes difficulty swallowing (dysphagia) or chewing changes in speech
such as blurred vision
such as blurry vision
such as blushing
such as breathing
such as breech presentation your health care provider may also suspect polyhydramnios if your uterus is excessively enlarged and he or she has trouble feeling the baby.
such as buttoning clothes or picking up utensils speech and eating delays in speech development difficulty speaking difficulty with sucking
such as buying a gun or stockpiling pills withdrawing from social contact and wanting to be left alone having mood swings
such as central vision loss or peripheral vision loss. loss of color vision. optic neuritis often affects color perception. you might notice that colors appear less vivid than normal. flashing lights. some people with optic neuritis report seeing flashing or flickering lights with eye movements.
such as changes in hair growth or sexual function. most couples will eventually conceive
such as chemotherapy for cancer
such as chest
such as choking
such as claiming to have had cancer or aids. or they may falsify medical records to indicate an illness. faking symptoms. they may fake symptoms
such as closing your eye or smiling drooling pain around the jaw or in or behind your ear on the affected side increased sensitivity to sound on the affected side headache a loss of taste changes in the amount of tears and saliva you produce in rare cases
such as clothes or blankets
such as clumsiness or walking on toes
such as color
such as color changes or thickening a lump
such as confusion
such as constipation a frequent need to urinate
such as contaminating their urine samples with blood or other substances.
such as cramping
such as cramps
such as cushing's disease
such as delays in rolling over
such as depression
such as depression or anxiety.
such as depression or irritability high blood pressure decreased libido
such as diabetes
such as diarrhea
such as diarrhea or constipation neuroblastoma in the chest may cause signs and symptoms such as: neuroblastoma in the chest wheezing chest pain changes to the eyes
such as diazepam (valium)
such as difficulty starting urination
such as difficulty with reading
such as dimpling
such as dimpling a newly inverted nipple peeling
such as dimpling or thickening a newly inverted nipple invasive lobular carcinoma is less likely than other forms of breast cancer to cause a firm or distinct breast lump.
such as dizziness
such as dogs or spiders blood
such as double vision neurological issues can progressively worsen over time with recurrent bleeding. repeat bleeding can happen soon after an initial bleed or much later. in other cases
such as double vision or blindness hearing problems or deafness cognitive difficulties involving memory and concentration
such as dribbling or hesitant urination frequent urination
such as drinking too much or driving too fast trouble sleeping trouble concentrating irritability
such as eating
such as eating only a few foods
such as emotional disorders and behavioral problems the brain disorder causing cerebral palsy doesn't change with time
such as emphysema
such as excess fluid around the brain (hydrocephalus). the most common cause of dwarfism is a disorder called achondroplasia
such as excessive exercise
such as extensive redness
such as extreme confusion.
such as fatigue or weakness unrelated to any medical cause that can be identified
such as fear of choking. food is not avoided because of fear of gaining weight. the disorder can result in significant weight loss or failure to gain weight in childhood
such as fear of the dark
such as feeling embarrassed or sensing looseness in the tone of the vaginal tissue many women with posterior vaginal prolapse also have prolapse of other pelvic organs
such as feeling empty
such as feeling full after a few bites of food
such as feeling sad
such as feeling unable to finish a project because you don't meet your own strict standards desire to be in control of people
such as fever and body pain.
such as fever and chills night sweats shortness of breath swelling in the feet
such as finding just the right hair or biting pulled hairs. automatic. some people pull their hair without even realizing they're doing it
such as forgetfulness and lack of interest in usual activities. sometimes family members notice that the person with the brain tumor seems different. brain tumors in the middle of the brain. the parietal lobes are in the upper middle part of the brain. they help process information about touch
such as forgetting to do chores hyperactivity and impulsivity a child who shows a pattern of hyperactive and impulsive symptoms may often: fidget with or tap his or her hands or feet
such as frequent nosebleeds and bleeding from the gums
such as frequently checking the mirror
such as frequently losing your temper
such as gambling
such as gas gangrene or internal gangrene
such as getting lost while driving difficulty reasoning or problem-solving difficulty handling complex tasks difficulty with planning and organizing difficulty with coordination and motor functions confusion and disorientation psychological changes personality changes depression anxiety inappropriate behavior paranoia agitation hallucinations
such as getting shaky
such as gloves or balloons. you also can have symptoms if you breathe in latex particles that are released into the air when someone removes latex gloves. latex allergy symptoms range from mild to severe. a reaction depends on how sensitive you are to latex and the amount of latex you touch or inhale. your reaction can become worse with each additional latex exposure. mild symptoms mild latex allergy symptoms include: itching skin redness hives or rash more-severe symptoms these include: sneezing runny nose itchy
such as going from sitting or lying down to standing labor and delivery surgery and a drug that causes you to be in a sleep-like state during surgery (anesthesia) foods high in tyramine
such as gum
such as gymnastics or golf
such as hallucinations or delusions
such as hand flapping and arms uplifted while walking sleep problems curved spine (scoliosis)
such as hand rubbing
such as having sensitivity to another's feelings lack of judgment loss of inhibition lack of interest (apathy)
such as having trouble finding the right word to use in speech or naming objects trouble naming things
such as having unsafe sex
such as hearing a voice whisper your name flat emotions or inappropriate emotional responses social anxiety and a lack of or discomfort with close relationships indifferent
such as hearing colors impulsive behavior rapid shifts in emotions permanent mental changes in perception rapid heart rate and high blood pressure tremors flashbacks
such as hearing voices or seeing things that aren't there impaired communication and speech
such as heart defects. before birth turner syndrome may be suspected prenatally based on prenatal cell-free dna screening ― a method to screen for certain chromosomal abnormalities in a developing baby using a blood sample from the mother ― or prenatal ultrasound. prenatal ultrasound of a baby with turner syndrome may show: large fluid collection on the back of the neck or other abnormal fluid collections (edema) heart abnormalities abnormal kidneys at birth or during infancy signs of turner syndrome at birth or during infancy may include: wide or weblike neck low-set ears broad chest with widely spaced nipples high
such as heart rate
such as heating up thermometers. or they may tamper with lab tests
such as hemorrhoids or minor tears of the anus.
such as high blood pressure
such as hoarding food
such as hoarseness or not speaking clearly difficulty swallowing ear pain a lump or sore that doesn't heal a sore throat weight loss
such as homework lose items needed for tasks or activities
such as hurdling and basketball
such as ice
such as idealizing someone one moment and then suddenly believing the person doesn't care enough or is cruel rapid changes in self-identity and self-image that include shifting goals and values
such as illness or injury
such as in a car
such as in both hips or in both knees.
such as in meningococcal meningitis. signs in newborns newborns and infants may show these signs: high fever. constant crying. being very sleepy or irritable. trouble waking from sleep. being inactive or sluggish. not waking to eat. poor feeding. vomiting. a bulge in the soft spot on top of the baby's head. stiffness in the body and neck. infants with meningitis may be hard to comfort. they may even cry harder when held.
such as in the neck or down the arm. the muscles in the shoulder might spasm
such as increased interest in solitary activities or a high level of social anxiety
such as increasing memory problems seizures weakness or numbness on one side of the body
such as intense combat
such as intense staring
such as interpreting other people's facial expressions
such as irritability
such as issues with thinking
such as itchiness or bleeding. cancerous (malignant) moles vary greatly in appearance. some may show all of the changes listed above. others may have only one or two unusual characteristics.
such as kicking
such as laughing or crying inappropriately
such as laxatives
such as leg pain when walking (claudication) or decreased blood pressure in an affected limb. if you have atherosclerosis in the arteries leading to your kidneys
such as low platelet count or anemia digestive problems
such as lupus
such as making different errors when trying to say the same word a second time difficulty imitating simple words inconsistent voicing errors
such as medicines containing oxycodone (oxycontin
such as memory
such as menstruation
such as mental telepathy or superstitions unusual perceptions
such as methylphenidate (ritalin
such as migraine
such as movie theaters
such as multiple myeloma
such as nausea
such as needles
such as new and persistent constipation or diarrhea frequent urination cough fever night sweats losing weight without trying
such as new itchiness or bleeding. cancerous (malignant) moles vary greatly in appearance. some may show all of the changes listed above
such as newspapers
such as nose
such as not being able to sleep in your bed. buildup of food or trash to large
such as on the back of the hand. age spots may affect people of all skin types
such as on the back of the hand. age spots may grow in size and group together
such as on the back of the hand. age spots on the hand age spots may grow in size and group together
such as on the back of the hand. age spots on the hand open pop-up dialog box age spots on the hand open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close age spots on the hand age spots on the hand age spots may grow in size and group together
such as on the back of the hand. close age spots on the hand age spots on the hand age spots may grow in size and group together
such as on the back of the hand. close close close age spots on the hand age spots on the hand age spots may grow in size and group together
such as on the scalp
such as one arm extending while the other flexes
such as only at home
such as only reaching with one hand or dragging a leg while crawling difficulty walking
such as osteoporosis. organ failure. a buildup of mast cells in body organs can cause inflammation and damage to the organ. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff systemic mastocytosis care at mayo clinic
such as over a two-hour period feeling that your eating behavior is out of control eating even when you're full or not hungry eating rapidly during binge episodes eating until you're uncomfortably full frequently eating alone or in secret feeling depressed
such as pain in your feet when putting weight on them or when they're under a blanket lack of coordination and falling muscle weakness feeling as if you're wearing gloves or socks when you're not paralysis if motor nerves are affected if autonomic nerves are affected
such as pain or shortness of breath
such as painful urination from a urinary tract infection or worsening cough from pneumonia. symptoms of sepsis are not specific. they can vary from person to person
such as paint chips
such as parking lots
such as pelvic inflammatory disease (pid) or ovarian cysts. it may be confused with irritable bowel syndrome (ibs)
such as people who've undergone organ transplants. other people with an increased risk of kaposi sarcoma include young men living in africa or older men of italian or eastern european jewish heritage. merkel cell carcinoma. merkel cell carcinoma causes firm
such as people with aids
such as phenelzine (nardil)
such as picking motions after a temporal lobe seizure
such as picking up objects difficulty swallowing slurred speech or stuttering memory loss and other thinking (cognitive) impairment vision problems sleep disturbances seizures hallucinations unusual involuntary movements types of paraneoplastic syndromes examples of paraneoplastic syndromes of the nervous system include: cerebellar degeneration (cerebellar ataxia). this is the loss of nerve cells in the area of the brain that controls muscle functions and balance (cerebellum). signs and symptoms may include unsteady or impaired walking
such as pink eye (conjunctivitis)
such as pneumonia. delayed growth or puberty. red blood cells provide the body with the oxygen and nutrients needed for growth. a shortage of healthy red blood cells can slow growth in infants and children and delay puberty in teenagers. vision problems. tiny blood vessels that supply the eyes can become plugged with sickle cells. this can damage the retina — the portion of the eye that processes visual images — and lead to vision problems.
such as pollen
such as pronouncing "banana" as "buh-nan-uh" instead of "buh-nan-uh" using equal emphasis on all syllables
such as pupils not responding to light. no responses of limbs except for reflex movements. no response to painful stimuli except for reflex movements. irregular breathing.
such as putting
such as putting a pause or gap between syllables inconsistency
such as reading
such as recalling an image or list of words
such as recent events feeling like distant past distortions of distance and the size and shape of objects episodes of depersonalization-derealization disorder may last hours
such as recurring bouts of an inflamed pancreas (pancreatitis)
such as redness or scaling
such as reduced eye contact
such as reduced vocabulary or difficulty with word order. cas some symptoms may be unique to children with cas and can be helpful to diagnose the problem. however
such as remembering a conversation trouble with visual memory
such as reopening or infecting cuts. tampering. they may manipulate medical instruments to skew results
such as repeatedly asking the same question you may have some symptoms of concussions immediately
such as resting your head on your hand or brushing your hair. trichotillomania can be related to emotions: negative emotions. for many people with trichotillomania
such as restless legs syndrome and sleep apnea. cognitive difficulties. a symptom commonly referred to as "fibro fog" impairs the ability to focus
such as reversing sounds in words or confusing words that sound alike problems remembering or naming letters
such as rigidity or muscle contracture (dystonia) slow or unusual eye movements impaired gait
such as rocking
such as saying "buh-nan-uh" separation of syllables
such as saying "down" instead of "town" other characteristics are seen in most children with speech or language problems and aren't helpful in distinguishing cas. characteristics seen both in children with cas and in children with other types of speech or language disorders include: cas cas babbling less or making fewer vocal sounds than is typical between the ages of 7 to 12 months old speaking first words late (after ages 12 to 18 months old) using a limited number of consonants and vowels frequently leaving out (omitting) sounds using speech that is difficult to understand speech other speech disorders sometimes confused with cas some speech sound disorders often get confused with cas because some of the characteristics may overlap. these speech sound disorders include articulation disorders
such as saying "duh" instead of "duck" or "uh" instead of "up" stopping the airstream
such as saying "fum" instead of "thumb
such as saying "ting" instead of "string" or "fog" instead of "frog" dysarthria is a motor speech disorder that is due to weakness
such as saying "tun" instead of "sun" or "doo" instead of "zoo" simplifying sound combinations
such as school
such as seeing various shapes
such as sensing an absent person's presence or having illusions dressing in peculiar ways
such as severe shortness of breath
such as sex
such as shortened hair or thinned or bald areas on the scalp or other areas of your body
such as shortness of breath
such as sitting up and walking learning disabilities
such as sitting up or crawling learning difficulties intellectual disabilities delayed growth
such as sleep apnea decreased tolerance of cold temperatures post-polio syndrome progresses slowly in most people. they may experience new signs and symptoms followed by periods of stability.
such as sleep apnea lowered tolerance of cold temperatures
such as sleep disturbances or a loss of appetite. but depression is common among those who have pseudobulbar affect. when to see a doctor if you think you have pba
such as slow and halting speech difficulty swallowing corticobasal degeneration progresses over six to eight years. eventually
such as slowed head growth
such as slowed movement
such as slurred speech general signs and symptoms in addition
such as some industrial chemicals and herbicides
such as sore throat
such as stamps or model cars
such as steak. change facial expressions. for example
such as stealing driving or doing other risky activities when you're under the influence of the drug spending a good deal of time getting the drug
such as stomach pain
such as stores. some may steal from friends or acquaintances
such as straight lines seeming bent. reduced central vision in one or both eyes. the need for brighter light when reading or doing close-up work. difficulty adjusting to low light levels
such as straight lines seeming bent. reduced central vision in one or both eyes. the need for brighter light when reading or doing close-up work. increased difficulty adapting to low light levels
such as stress
such as stretching
such as strong cravings
such as sweating too much or too little. these problems affect the ability to regulate body temperature. sluggish pupil reaction
such as swimming in cold water. such a reaction could lead to loss of consciousness and drowning.
such as swinging a golf club.
such as talking
such as tapping
such as temperature
such as testicles that haven't descended into the scrotum boys and teenagers signs and symptoms may include: taller than average stature longer legs
such as the ability to recognize and name familiar objects and follow simple directions no signs of damage to a particular area of the brain
such as the armpits
such as the backs of hands
such as the bladder
such as the bladder or uterus. a surgeon can evaluate the prolapse and talk about options for surgery to fix it.
such as the chest
such as the eyes
such as the face. on white skin
such as the front of the neck and chest. polymorphous means that the rash can have many forms
such as the genitals. basal cell carcinoma appears as a change in the skin
such as the inability to complete routine tasks loss of coordination difficulty speaking or slurred speech blurry or tunnel vision inability to eat or drink muscle weakness drowsiness severe hypoglycemia may cause: convulsions or seizures unconsciousness death
such as the inability to complete routine tasks loss of coordination slurred speech blurry vision or tunnel vision nightmares
such as the inability to speak or slurred speech vision problems
such as the kidneys. signs and symptoms of granulomatosis with polyangiitis might include: pus-like drainage with crusts from your nose
such as the liver or the heart
such as the opening of your vagina (vestibule). vulvar tissue might look slightly inflamed or swollen. more often
such as the opposite limb. crps in some people
such as the palms of the hands and soles of the feet. basal cell carcinoma signs and symptoms basal cell carcinoma usually occurs in sun-exposed areas of your body
such as the scalp
such as the sock line and waistline. swollen
such as the soles of your feet
such as the spaces between your toes and on your palms
such as the spinning wheels of a toy car
such as the stomach and thigh
such as the uterus and intestines
such as thickening or easy bruising
such as those caused by uncontrolled bleeding
such as those in your hips
such as those used for walking
such as those who have had an organ
such as thunderstorms or heights animals or insects
such as tilting the head to try to reduce eye movements and see better. eyes that can't look at the same direction at the same time or they appear to be crossed
such as tiny bumps
such as tiredness
such as tooth decay difficulty swallowing itchy
such as total hearing loss.
such as touch
such as tremors or difficulty walking loss of balance difficulty swallowing or feeling "a lump in the throat" seizures or episodes of shaking and apparent loss of consciousness (nonepileptic seizures) episodes of unresponsiveness signs and symptoms that affect the senses may include: numbness or loss of the touch sensation speech problems
such as two very different-looking halves. b is for irregular border. look for moles with irregular
such as unemployment. when to see a doctor usually stressors are temporary
such as unsteady gait and loss of balance slurred
such as using drugs or driving recklessly giving away belongings or getting affairs in order when there's no other logical explanation for doing this saying goodbye to people as if they won't be seen again developing personality changes or being severely anxious or agitated
such as using poor body mechanics to lift something heavy. chronic muscle strains can result from repetitive injuries when you stress a muscle by doing the same motion over and over. risk factors participating in contact sports — such as soccer
such as using your hands to press on your abdomen and using a finger to remove stool from your rectum constipation may be considered chronic if you've experienced two or more of these symptoms for the last three months.
such as vague or unusual patterns of speaking
such as walking
such as walking on toes
such as walking or climbing stairs shiny skin on the legs skin color changes on the legs slower growth of the toenails sores on the toes
such as walking or talking young and middle-aged adults common signs and symptoms in this age group include: headache sluggishness loss of coordination or balance loss of bladder control or a frequent urge to urinate vision problems decline in memory
such as when driving or swimming developing a tolerance to alcohol so you need more to feel its effect or you have a reduced effect from the same amount experiencing withdrawal symptoms — such as nausea
such as when driving or working at a computer muscle tightness and spasms decreased ability to move the head headache
such as when entering a dimly lit restaurant or theater. increased blurriness of printed words. difficulty recognizing faces. a well-defined blurry spot or blind spot in the field of vision. dry macular degeneration can affect one or both eyes. if only one eye is affected
such as when entering a dimly lit restaurant or theater. increased blurriness of printed words. difficulty recognizing faces. a well-defined blurry spot or blind spot in the field of vision. macular degeneration doesn't affect side vision
such as when someone takes a flash photograph of the child eyes that appear to be looking in different directions poor vision eye redness eye swelling
such as when they're bored
such as while driving. other symptoms include breathing in an unusual pattern or feeling an uncomfortable urge to move while you are trying to fall asleep. unusual or bothersome movements or experiences during sleep are also possible. having an irregular sleep and wake cycle is another symptom of sleep disorders. clinical trials explore mayo clinic studies testing new treatments
such as widow spiders and recluse spiders
such as with a minor injury or no injury at all abdominal pain weight loss causes it's not clear what causes most sarcomas. in general
such as work
such as writing (writer's dystonia) or playing a specific musical instrument (musician's dystonia). symptoms usually don't happen when your arm is at rest.
such as writing by hand. worsen with stress
such as yellowing
such as your armpits and groin. these glands release a milky fluid when you're stressed. this fluid is odorless until it combines with bacteria on your skin. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff request an appointment request an appointment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment oct. 27
such as your back
such as your brain (meningitis)
such as your face
such as your leg
such as your neck or face. basal cell carcinoma may appear as: a pearly or waxy bump a flat
such as your scalp
such as your thighs. cellulite that is more severe makes the skin appear rumpled and bumpy with areas of peaks and valleys. cellulite is most common around the thighs and buttocks
such as: a false sense of motion or spinning (vertigo) lightheadedness or feeling faint unsteadiness or a loss of balance a feeling of floating
such as: a round
such as: aggression toward people and animals. destruction of property. lying and dishonesty. theft. serious violation of rules. antisocial personality disorder is considered a lifelong condition. but in some people
such as: altered mental state fever seizures these signs and symptoms might reflect the underlying cause.
such as: avm seizures headache or pain in one area of the head muscle weakness or numbness in one part of the body some people may experience more-serious neurological signs and symptoms
such as: certain activities or conditions physical hard work anxiety or stress changes in body position
such as: concentration and memory complaints irritability and other personality changes sensitivity to light and noise sleep disturbances psychological adjustment problems and depression disorders of taste and smell symptoms in children head trauma is very common in young children. but concussions can be difficult to recognize in infants and toddlers because they can't describe how they feel. concussion clues may include: dazed appearance listlessness and tiring easily irritability and crankiness loss of balance and unsteady walking excessive crying change in eating or sleeping patterns lack of interest in favorite toys vomiting seizures
such as: drooping of one or both eyelids (ptosis) double vision (diplopia)
such as: exaggerating existing symptoms. even when an actual medical or psychological condition exists
such as: fluttering pounding or jumping skipped beats or missed beats increased awareness of the heartbeat
such as: headache. fever. aches in muscles or joints. fatigue or weakness. typically
such as: involuntary jerking or writhing movements (chorea) muscle problems
such as: irritable bowel syndrome chronic fatigue syndrome migraine and other types of headaches interstitial cystitis or painful bladder syndrome temporomandibular joint disorders anxiety depression postural tachycardia syndrome
such as: lethargy seizures unconsciousness
such as: memory difficulties or personality changes physical aches or pain fatigue
such as: milky nipple discharge hair loss headache vision changes excess facial hair pelvic pain acne
such as: msa stiff muscles difficulty bending your arms and legs slow movement (bradykinesia) tremors can occur at rest or when moving your arms or legs soft voice problems with posture and balance cerebellar type the main signs and symptoms are problems with muscle coordination (ataxia)
such as: problems with development of the kidneys and urinary tract developmental changes in the bones of the spine
such as: raised
such as: seizures (epilepsy) difficulty hearing problems with vision and abnormal eye movements abnormal touch or pain sensations bladder and bowel problems
such as: stiff neck. confusion
such as: the sudden appearance of many floaters — tiny specks that seem to drift through your field of vision flashes of light in one or both eyes (photopsia) blurred vision gradually reduced side (peripheral) vision a curtain-like shadow over your field of vision
such double vision other possible signs and symptoms
sudden
sudden death will occur.
sudden flu-like symptoms occur. these include: fever muscle aches headache severe fatigue severe back pain vomiting
sudden weight gain or a sudden appearance of edema — particularly in your face and hands — may be a sign of preeclampsia.
suicidal thoughts
suicide attempts or suicide unexplained physical problems
suicide warning signs or suicidal thoughts include: talking about suicide — for example
sunken eyes
surgery or injury to the chest. symptoms might include: chest pain fever
surgical wounds
surprise or anger can cause the loss of muscle tone. for example
survival is generally less than 20 years after symptoms begin. adult form. this form is less common and typically starts after age 16. signs progress slowly and may begin with behavior and psychiatric problems
swallowing
swallowing difficulties and seizures. one rare subtype of gaucher disease begins in infancy and typically results in death by 2 years of age.
swallowing or physical coordination uncontrolled movements or muscle stiffness when to see a doctor make an appointment with your doctor if you have signs and symptoms that worry you
swallowing or speaking if the muscles that control these functions are affected by charcot-marie-tooth disease. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff request an appointment request an appointment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment march 08
swallowing or walking in circles. symptoms of focal seizures may be confused with other neurological disorders
sweat glands open pop-up dialog box close sweat glands sweat glands eccrine sweat glands occur over most of the body and open directly onto the skin's surface. apocrine glands open into the hair follicle
sweating
sweating and shaking chills lower than normal body temperature (in adults older than age 65 and people with weak immune systems) nausea
sweating and shaking — when you don't drink
sweating and the digestive process are regulated by a part of the nervous system that is often affected by lewy body dementia. this can result in sudden drops in blood pressure upon standing (orthostatic hypotension)
sweating at night
swelled lymph nodes
swelling
swelling and
swelling and crusting on the mucous membranes
swelling and damage muscle spasms
swelling and itching that leads to tears
swelling and nausea drug-induced anemia
swelling and pressure around your eyes
swelling and redness. these clots can travel to the lungs (pulmonary embolism). repeated miscarriages or stillbirths. other complications of pregnancy include dangerously high blood pressure (preeclampsia) and premature delivery. stroke. a stroke can occur in a young person who has antiphospholipid syndrome but no known risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. transient ischemic attack (tia). similar to a stroke
swelling and stiffness swollen salivary glands — particularly the set located behind your jaw and in front of your ears skin rashes or dry skin vaginal dryness persistent dry cough prolonged fatigue
swelling joints
swelling of glands below the floor of the mouth.
swelling of limbs or torso
swelling of stomach
swelling or a lump in the testicle area decreased facial or body hair or other signs of a chromosome or hormone abnormality
swelling or a lump in the testicle area recurrent respiratory infections inability to smell abnormal breast growth (gynecomastia) decreased facial or body hair or other signs of a chromosomal or hormonal abnormality a lower than normal sperm count (fewer than 15 million sperm per milliliter of semen or a total sperm count of less than 39 million per ejaculate)
swelling or lumps in your testicle or groin area may be a sign or symptom of testicular cancer or other medical conditions requiring treatment. close close close testicular lumps testicular lumps pain
swelling or lumps in your testicle or groin area may be a sign or symptom of testicular cancer or other medical conditions requiring treatment. close testicular lumps testicular lumps pain
swelling or lumps in your testicle or groin area may be a sign or symptom of testicular cancer or other medical conditions requiring treatment. pain
swelling or lumps in your testicle or groin area may be a sign or symptom of testicular cancer or other medical conditions requiring treatment. signs and symptoms of testicular cancer include: a lump or swelling in either testicle a feeling of heaviness in the scrotum a dull ache in the lower belly or groin sudden swelling in the scrotum pain or discomfort in a testicle or the scrotum enlargement or tenderness of the breast tissue back pain usually testicular cancer only happens in one testicle.
swelling or lumps in your testicle or groin area may be a sign or symptom of testicular cancer or other medical conditions requiring treatment. testicular lumps open pop-up dialog box testicular lumps open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close testicular lumps testicular lumps pain
swelling or lumps in your testicle or groin area may be a sign or symptom of testicular cancer or other medical conditions requiring treatment. testicular lumps pain
swelling or redness swelling and redness in your mouth gastrointestinal problems that may include vomiting
swelling or tenderness near the affected area bone pain unexplained tiredness fever with no known cause losing weight without trying
swelling or tightness in your joints blood in your urine or stool nosebleeds without a known cause in infants
swelling or trouble moving your fingers. a delay in diagnosis and treatment can lead to poor healing
swimmer's ear symptoms are usually mild at first
swimmer's itch symptoms include an itchy rash that looks like pimples or blisters. symptoms may begin within minutes or as long as two days after swimming or wading in contaminated water. usually the rash affects skin that's not covered by swimsuits
swollen
swollen and deformed
swollen and extremely painful
swollen and warm to the touch. however
swollen blood vessels
swollen bumps where you shave
swollen extremeties
swollen eyelids flaking of the skin around the eyes crusted eyelashes eyelid sticking more frequent blinking sensitivity to light blurred vision that usually improves with blinking
swollen eyelids recurrent eye or eyelid infections
swollen eyes and eyelids. this is known as ocular rosacea. in some people
swollen joints
swollen joints joint stiffness that is usually worse in the mornings and after inactivity fatigue
swollen legs
swollen lymph nodes
swollen lymph nodes and rash. in some cases
swollen lymph nodes and recurrence of dormant hepatitis infection inflammation in the kidneys
swollen lymph nodes and recurrence of dormant hepatitis infection stevens-johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis
swollen lymph nodes open pop-up dialog box close swollen lymph nodes swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. swollen lymph nodes open pop-up dialog box swollen lymph nodes open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close swollen lymph nodes swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. close swollen lymph nodes swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. close swollen lymph nodes swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. close close close swollen lymph nodes swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. signs and symptoms of lymphoma may include: painless swelling of lymph nodes in your neck
swollen lymph nodes open pop-up dialog box close swollen lymph nodes swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. swollen lymph nodes open pop-up dialog box swollen lymph nodes open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close swollen lymph nodes swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. close swollen lymph nodes swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. close swollen lymph nodes swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. close close close swollen lymph nodes swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. swollen lymph nodes one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. one of the most common places to find swollen lymph nodes is in the neck. the inset shows three swollen lymph nodes below the lower jaw. signs and symptoms of non-hodgkin's lymphoma may include: swollen lymph nodes in your neck
swollen lymph nodes or a rash on the trunk may occur — which is usually worse in the evenings. juvenile idiopathic arthritis can affect one joint or many. there are several different subtypes of juvenile idiopathic arthritis
swollen lymph nodes under your jaw or in your neck foul odor in your mouth sudden rush of foul-smelling and foul-tasting
swollen or hardened epididymis (ep-ih-did-uh-miss)
swollen or hardened testicle tender
swollen patches and open sores may include: burning sensation or pain sensitivity to hot
swollen skin around the bump an increase in the size of the bump over a few days as it fills with pus development of a yellow-white tip that eventually ruptures and allows the pus to drain out carbuncles a carbuncle is a cluster of boils that form a connected area of infection. compared with single boils
swollen skin that sometimes flakes. my cheeks and lips swell and it hurts a lot. i also get headaches and watery eyes from the puffing.
swollen skin. pus or blood leaking from an opening in the skin. an odor from draining pus.
swollen skin. sometimes
swollen spleen the virus has an incubation period of about four to six weeks
swollen tongue swollen
swollen tonsils white or yellow coating or patches on the tonsils sore throat difficult or painful swallowing fever enlarged
syllable or word to another groping movements with the jaw
symptoms accompanying red
symptoms and characteristics of uveitis may include: eye redness. eye pain. light sensitivity. blurred vision. dark
symptoms and treatment of coronary artery disease (cad). learn how lifestyle changes can lower your risk. show transcript for video what is coronary artery disease? a mayo clinic cardiologist explains. {music playing} stephen kopecky
symptoms and treatment of coronary artery disease (cad). learn how lifestyle changes can lower your risk. what is coronary artery disease? a mayo clinic cardiologist explains. stephen kopecky
symptoms are likely to appear weeks to months after a heart attack
symptoms are likely to start slowly
symptoms aren't common. signs you may notice include: a white color in the center circle of the eye (pupil) when light is shone in the eye
symptoms can be influenced by the location
symptoms can come and go for weeks
symptoms can include: mild to moderate abdominal pain abdominal bloating or increased waist size nausea vomiting diarrhea tenderness in the area of your ovaries some women who use injectable fertility drugs get a mild form of ohss. this usually goes away after about a week. but
symptoms can include: unusual tiredness and weakness sudden nausea and vomiting and diarrhea abdominal pain or discomfort
symptoms can vary in severity over time. for example
symptoms depend mostly on where the infection happens in the body. tapeworm infection in the intestines a tapeworm in the intestines may cause no symptoms. the severity of symptoms depends in part on the number of tapeworms. symptoms vary. and some symptoms are more likely with some species of tapeworm. symptoms may include: upset stomach
symptoms develop within six days of exposure to the bacteria. however
symptoms disappear for periods of time
symptoms generally start in the mid- to late 20s
symptoms get better and might go away for a while. over time
symptoms include uncontrolled spasms in your diaphragm and a "hic" sound. sometimes you may feel a slight tightening sensation in your chest
symptoms include: pain that's often worsened by holding the head in one place for long periods
symptoms may be delayed for several hours. the most common food allergy signs and symptoms include: tingling or itching in the mouth hives
symptoms may be more severe and may include trouble breathing. rsv rsv covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 having rsv may lower immunity and increase the risk of getting covid-19 — for kids and adults. and these infections may occur together
symptoms may build up gradually. early signs and symptoms may be so vague that you can't recognize what's wrong. some early signs can be mistaken for typical development during early teen years
symptoms may develop more slowly over several weeks. flu-like symptoms are less common
symptoms may develop over time. when signs and symptoms develop
symptoms may first be seen only at home. but with time
symptoms may include sadness
symptoms may include: breathing difficulties chest pain fainting fever rapid breathing rapid or irregular heart rhythms (arrhythmias)
symptoms may include: dizziness
symptoms may include: dull pain in the back or side fever upper stomach pain
symptoms may include: extreme exhaustion after physical or mental exercise. problems with memory or thinking skills. dizziness that worsens with moving from lying down or sitting to standing. muscle or joint pain. unrefreshing sleep. some people with chronic fatigue syndrome have headaches
symptoms may last longer. some people have no symptoms after they've been infected with shigella. however
symptoms may not start for up to 20 days after you were first exposed to the virus. the sores can last several days
symptoms may occur during the first weeks to months of life or later in childhood. lqts generally
symptoms may return up to a few weeks after the fever has gone away.
symptoms may spread from the feet and legs to the hands and arms. the severity of symptoms can vary greatly from person to person
symptoms may start out mild and become more severe as the season progresses. signs and symptoms of sad may include: sad feeling listless
symptoms may start within a few days of exposure. if you've never had scabies
symptoms may worsen if a person with interstitial cystitis gets a urinary tract infection.
symptoms may worsen or improve as time passes. some people may not experience symptoms until their teenage years or adulthood. people who are not diagnosed until adulthood usually have milder disease and are more likely to have atypical symptoms
symptoms might include indigestion and pain in the upper part of the belly. symptoms might not happen until the cancer is advanced. later stages of stomach cancer might cause symptoms such as feeling very tired
symptoms occur in the same joints on both sides of your body. about 40% of people who have rheumatoid arthritis also experience signs and symptoms that don't involve the joints. areas that may be affected include: skin eyes lungs heart kidneys salivary glands nerve tissue bone marrow blood vessels rheumatoid arthritis signs and symptoms may vary in severity and may even come and go. periods of increased disease activity
symptoms occur most of the day
symptoms of a blocked tear duct include: excessive tearing redness of the white part of the eye recurrent eye infection or inflammation
symptoms of a broken collarbone include: pain that increases when moving the shoulder. swelling
symptoms of a common cold usually appear one to three days after exposure to a cold-causing virus. signs and symptoms
symptoms of a molar pregnancy might include: a uterus growing quickly and being too large early in the pregnancy preeclampsia — a condition that causes high blood pressure and protein in the urine — before 20 weeks of pregnancy ovarian cysts overactive thyroid
symptoms of a serious drug allergy often occur within an hour after taking a drug. other reactions
symptoms of acute hepatitis b range from mild to severe. they usually appear about 1 to 4 months after you've been infected
symptoms of albinism involve skin
symptoms of an anal fissure include: pain during bowel movements. pain after bowel movements that can last up to several hours. bright red blood on the stool or toilet paper after a bowel movement. a visible crack in the skin around the anus. a small lump or skin tag on the skin near the anal fissure.
symptoms of an anal fistula can include: an opening on the skin around the anus a red
symptoms of antisocial personality disorder include repeatedly: ignoring right and wrong. telling lies to take advantage of others. not being sensitive to or respectful of others. using charm or wit to manipulate others for personal gain or pleasure. having a sense of superiority and being extremely opinionated. having problems with the law
symptoms of broken heart syndrome can mimic a heart attack. symptoms may include: chest pain. shortness of breath.
symptoms of brucellosis may show up anytime from a few days to a few months after you've been infected. signs and symptoms are similar to those of the flu and include: fever chills loss of appetite sweats weakness fatigue joint
symptoms of bundle branch block may include fainting (syncope) or feeling as if you're going to faint (presyncope).
symptoms of chilblains include: small
symptoms of cholecystitis may include: severe pain in your upper right or center abdomen pain that spreads to your right shoulder or back tenderness over your abdomen when it's touched nausea vomiting fever cholecystitis symptoms often occur after a meal
symptoms of chronic fatigue syndrome can vary from person to person
symptoms of cough headaches: begin suddenly with and just after coughing or other types of straining typically last a few seconds to a few minutes — some can last up to two hours cause sharp
symptoms of de quervain tenosynovitis include: pain near the base of the thumb swelling near the base of the thumb difficulty moving the thumb and wrist when doing something that involves grasping or pinching a "sticking" or "stop-and-go" sensation in the thumb when moving it if the condition goes too long without treatment
symptoms of depression after childbirth vary
symptoms of depression may include sadness
symptoms of dermatographia may include: raised
symptoms of eisenmenger syndrome include: blue or gray skin color due to low oxygen levels (cyanosis) chest pain or tightness coughing up blood dizziness or fainting easily tiring and shortness of breath with activity headaches large
symptoms of endocarditis can vary from person to person. endocarditis may develop slowly or suddenly. it depends on the type of germs causing the infection and whether there are other heart problems. common symptoms of endocarditis include: aching joints and muscles chest pain when you breathe fatigue flu-like symptoms
symptoms of esophagitis may include: feeding difficulties
symptoms of exercise-induced bronchoconstriction usually begin during or soon after exercise. these symptoms can last for an hour or longer if untreated. symptoms include: coughing. wheezing. shortness of breath. chest tightness or pain. fatigue during exercise. poorer than expected athletic performance. avoiding activity
symptoms of functional dyspepsia may include: pain or burning in the stomach
symptoms of heartburn include: a burning pain in the chest that usually occurs after eating and may occur at night pain that worsens when lying down or bending over a bitter or acidic taste in the mouth
symptoms of high blood sugar or low blood sugar usually develop before a diabetic coma. high blood sugar (hyperglycemia) if your blood sugar level is too high
symptoms of ischemic colitis can include: pain
symptoms of jellyfish stings include: burning
symptoms of medication overuse headaches may vary. they can depend on the type of headache being treated and the medicine used. medication overuse headaches tend to: occur every day or nearly every day. they often wake you in the early morning. improve with pain medicine but then return as the medicine wears off. other symptoms may include: nausea. restlessness. trouble concentrating. memory problems. irritability.
symptoms of meniere's disease include: regular dizzy spells. you have a spinning feeling that starts and stops suddenly. vertigo may start without warning. it usually lasts 20 minutes to 12 hours
symptoms of menstrual cramps include: throbbing or cramping pain in your lower abdomen that can be intense pain that starts 1 to 3 days before your period
symptoms of metatarsalgia can include: sharp
symptoms of narcissistic personality disorder and how severe they are can vary. people with the disorder can: have an unreasonably high sense of self-importance and require constant
symptoms of ohss may worsen and last several days to weeks. ohss ohss severe ohss with severe ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
symptoms of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome often begin within a week after using injectable medications to stimulate ovulation
symptoms of pcos often start around the time of the first menstrual period. sometimes symptoms develop later after you have had periods for a while. pcos the symptoms of pcos vary. a diagnosis of pcos is made when you have at least two of these: pcos pcos irregular periods. having few menstrual periods or having periods that aren't regular are common signs of pcos. so is having periods that last for many days or longer than is typical for a period. for example
symptoms of pediatric sleep apnea might include: snoring. pauses in breathing. restless sleep. snorting
symptoms of persistent depressive disorder may include depressed mood and being irritable
symptoms of pinworm infection may include: itching of the anal or vaginal area insomnia
symptoms of porphyria can vary widely in severity
symptoms of pseudomembranous colitis may include: watery diarrhea. stomach cramps
symptoms of pyloric stenosis usually appear within 3 to 5 weeks after birth. pyloric stenosis is rare in babies older than 3 months. symptoms include: vomiting after feeding. the baby may vomit forcefully
symptoms of scad can include: scad chest pain a rapid heartbeat or fluttery feeling in the chest pain in the arms
symptoms of sepsis symptoms of sepsis may include: change in mental status. fast
symptoms of serious heart problems present at birth (congenital heart defects) often appear during the first few days
symptoms of sleep disorders include being very sleepy during the daytime and having trouble falling asleep at night. some people may fall asleep at inappropriate times
symptoms of somatic symptom disorder may be: specific sensations
symptoms of spinal avm can differ from person to person. symptoms depend on where the avm is found and how severe it is. some people may not notice symptoms for many years
symptoms of sudden cardiac arrest are immediate and severe and include: sudden collapse. no pulse. no breathing. loss of consciousness. sometimes other symptoms occur before sudden cardiac arrest. these might include: chest discomfort. shortness of breath. weakness. fast-beating
symptoms of tendinitis tend to occur where a tendon attaches to a bone. symptoms often include: pain
symptoms of trigger finger may progress from mild to severe and include: finger stiffness
symptoms of truncus arteriosus usually occur in the first few days of life. they include: blue or gray skin due to low oxygen levels. excessive sleepiness. poor feeding. poor growth. pounding heartbeat. fast breathing. shortness of breath.
symptoms of type 2 diabetes often develop slowly. in fact
symptoms of zollinger-ellison syndrome may include: stomach pain. diarrhea. burning
symptoms often appear again. these are called recurrent outbreaks or recurrent episodes. how often recurrent outbreaks happen varies widely. you'll usually have the most outbreaks the first year after infection. they may appear less often over time. your symptoms during recurrent outbreaks usually don't last as long and aren't as severe as the first. you may have warning signs a few hours or days before a new outbreak starts. these are called prodromal symptoms. they include: genital pain tingling or shooting pain in the legs
symptoms often spread to the wrists
symptoms tend to come on quickly and be more severe. prediabetes gestational diabetes type 2 diabetes type 1 diabetes some of the symptoms of type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes are: feeling more thirsty than usual. urinating often. losing weight without trying. presence of ketones in the urine. ketones are a byproduct of the breakdown of muscle and fat that happens when there's not enough available insulin. feeling tired and weak. feeling irritable or having other mood changes. having blurry vision. having slow-healing sores. getting a lot of infections
symptoms that have resolved can recur months or years later.
symptoms typically include: diarrhea fever fatigue abdominal pain and cramping blood in your stool mouth sores reduced appetite and weight loss pain or drainage near or around the anus due to inflammation from a tunnel into the skin (fistula) other signs and symptoms people with severe crohn's disease may also experience symptoms outside of the intestinal tract
symptoms usually are severe enough to cause noticeable problems in day-to-day activities
symptoms usually come and go
symptoms vary
symptoms vary depending on what is causing the illness. they may begin within a few hours or a few weeks depending on the cause. common symptoms are: upset stomach. vomiting. diarrhea. diarrhea with bloody stools. stomach pain and cramps. fever. headache. less often food poisoning affects the nervous system and can cause severe disease. symptoms may include: blurred or double vision. headache. loss of movement in limbs. problems with swallowing. tingling or numbness of skin. weakness. changes in sound of the voice.
symptoms vary depending on what type of sexual dysfunction you're experiencing: low sexual desire. this most common of female sexual dysfunctions involves a lack of sexual interest and willingness to be sexual. sexual arousal disorder. your desire for sex might be intact
symptoms will be noticeable soon after birth. signs and symptoms might include: blue- or gray-toned skin (cyanosis) fast breathing or shortness of breath easily tiring or being fatigued feeding problems
symptoms worsen and can become life-threatening. this is called severe dengue
syphilis can spread and
tachycardia may lead to the following signs and symptoms: sensation of a racing
take the person to the nearest hospital emergency room.
take your child to be examined by a doctor. also have your child evaluated if you notice a visible deformity in your child's arms or legs
taking medications
taking sexual risks or making foolish investments major depressive episode a major depressive episode includes symptoms that are severe enough to cause noticeable difficulty in day-to-day activities
talk to your child's doctor. most people can be helped with the right therapy. and therapy tends to be easier when the phobia is addressed right away rather than waiting.
talk to your doctor about treatment and prevention
talk to your doctor before starting any exercise program. maintain a healthy weight. if you are at a healthy weight
talk to your doctor or a mental health professional. getting treatment as soon as possible can help prevent ptsd symptoms from getting worse. if you have suicidal thoughts if you have suicidal thoughts if you or someone you know has suicidal thoughts
talk to your doctor. if you have a neurological condition
talk to your doctor. trichotillomania is not just a bad habit
talk to your health care provider. similar treatments and supports provided to mothers with postpartum depression can help treat postpartum depression in the other parent.
talk with his or her doctor so that the underlying cause might be identified. request an appointment there is a problem with information submitted for this request. review/update the information highlighted below and resubmit the form. from mayo clinic to your inbox sign up for free
talk with your child's pediatrician. suicidal thoughts or behavior if you have thoughts of hurting yourself or someone else
talk with your doctor or a mental health professional. childhood fears
talking and breathing may be affected as well. when myasthenia gravis occurs as a paraneoplastic syndrome
talking and holding objects. damage to these nerves is typically associated with muscle weakness
talks about the risk factors
tan
tapping or rubbing. other signs and symptoms can include: unusual eye movements. children with rett syndrome tend to have unusual eye movements
tarry or bloody stools. lightheadedness due to blood loss. loss of consciousness in severe cases. your doctor might suspect esophageal varices if you have signs of liver disease or been diagnosed with liver cirrhosis
tarry stool rectal bleeding
tasks and situations
taste
taste or smell something that isn't there. sometimes the taste or smell is unpleasant or unusual.
taste or sound. some people experience deja vu. this type of seizure may also result in involuntary jerking of one body part
tearfulness
teenagers and adults
teenagers and young women with turner syndrome are short stature and ovarian insufficiency due to ovarian failure. failure of the ovaries to develop may occur at birth or gradually during childhood
teens and adulthood the most common signs in almost all girls
teeth
teeth deformities and saddle nose — where the bridge of the nose collapses. however
teeth grinding and restlessness occasional stomach pain and nausea pinworms often cause no symptoms.
teeth or back nausea shortness of breath stabbing pain instead of chest pressure stomach (abdominal) pain
tell your health care provider
temperature and pain
temple or neck on the same side of your face as the extraction bad breath or a foul odor coming from your mouth unpleasant taste in your mouth when to see a doctor a certain degree of pain and discomfort is normal after a tooth extraction. however
temporal or parietal lobes
temporary loss of vision in one eye
tender
tender bumps (papules) pimples (pustules)
tender glands (lymph nodes) in the neck a scratchy
tender gums that bleed easily
tender lymph nodes at the base of the skull
tender lymph nodes in your neck fever headache rash nausea or vomiting
tender patches of tissues open sores location these lesions may appear on the: inside of the cheeks
tender scrotum the attacks generally resolve spontaneously after a few days. between attacks
tender skin an inflamed bump
tender skin in the diaper area sores in the diaper area discomfort
tenderness
tenderness and swelling around your eyes
tenderness or bruising. skin over the break might look like a tent when gently pinched. a bump on or near the shoulder. a grinding or crackling sound when moving the shoulder. stiffness or not being able to move the shoulder. newborns often will not move their arm for days after breaking the collarbone during birth and will cry if someone moves the arm.
tenderness or cramping in your belly
tending to be shades of purple with gray scale on brown or black skin and pink or red with silver scale on white skin small scaling spots (commonly seen in children) dry
tends to occur at a younger age
tension
terrible back pain
test your blood sugar right away. based on the test results
testicles form in the abdomen during fetal development. during the final months of development
testicular lumps open pop-up dialog box close testicular lumps testicular lumps pain
testicular shrinkage or breast enlargement
texture
that aren't food (pica) lead poisoning symptoms in newborns babies exposed to lead before birth might: be born prematurely have lower birth weight have slowed growth lead poisoning symptoms in adults although children are primarily at risk
that can contribute to this and ultimately lead to coronary artery disease. first
that can hurt.
that doesn't get better after treatment with antibiotics fever swollen lymph nodes in your neck and armpits swollen tonsils headache skin rash soft
that may last for several days to weeks. people who have acute exacerbations may be placed on a mechanical ventilator. doctors may also prescribe antibiotics
that occurs with eating. heartburn. acid regurgitation. in infants and young children
that often comes on slowly pain when you pass urine an urgent or frequent need to urinate discharge from the penis pain or discomfort in the lower abdomen or pelvic area blood in the semen less commonly
that process stops or is delayed.
that spreads to the neck or down the back sudden severe stomach pain loss of consciousness shortness of breath symptoms similar to those of a stroke
the abdomen can become painfully distended. skeletal abnormalities. gaucher disease can weaken bone
the abnormal cells accumulate and form a tumor. the tumor cells can break away and spread (metastasize) to other parts of the body. risk factors adrenal cancer happens more often in people with inherited syndromes that increase the risk of certain cancers. these inherited syndromes include: beckwith-wiedemann syndrome carney complex li-fraumeni syndrome lynch syndrome multiple endocrine neoplasia
the accumulating abnormal cells can form a tumor. cells can break away and spread (metastasize) to other parts of the body. risk factors factors that can increase the risk of sarcoma include: inherited syndromes. some syndromes that increase the risk of cancer can be passed from parents to children. examples of syndromes that increase the risk of sarcoma include familial retinoblastoma and neurofibromatosis type 1. radiation therapy for cancer. radiation treatment for cancer increases the risk of developing a sarcoma later. chronic swelling (lymphedema). lymphedema is swelling caused by a backup of lymph fluid that occurs when the lymphatic system is blocked or damaged. it increases the risk of a type of sarcoma called angiosarcoma. exposure to chemicals. certain chemicals
the accumulation of venom may induce a toxic reaction and make you feel quite sick. signs and symptoms include: nausea
the adult female worms produce larvae. the larvae go through the wall of your intestine and enter your bloodstream
the affected joint might: feel achy or stiff hurt more when you move it or press on it look swollen and red
the affected joints are usually: swollen warm severely painful
the affected joints might be warm
the affected limb can become cold and pale. it may undergo skin and nail changes as well as muscle spasms and tightening. once these changes occur
the affected person eventually will need help with day-to-day care. people with primary progressive aphasia can also develop depression or behavioral or social problems as the disease progresses. other problems might include blunted emotions such as unconcern
the affected skin is on the face and hands
the amount of virus in your bloodstream (viral load) is quite high at this time. as a result
the anal canal
the aphasia may be labeled with one of these names: logopenic aphasia semantic aphasia agrammatism many people with aphasia have patterns of speech difficulty that don't match these types. it may help to consider that each person with aphasia has unique symptoms
the area between the external genitals and the anus
the area might be sore for hours or days.
the arms are drawn up to the body
the average time from infection to appearance of signs and symptoms (incubation period) is 10 days. the incubation period can range from 3 to 21 days. the most common type of tetanus is called generalized tetanus. signs and symptoms begin gradually and then progressively worsen over two weeks. they usually start at the jaw and progress downward on the body. signs and symptoms of generalized tetanus include: painful muscle spasms and stiff
the babies begin to develop often severe
the back of the neck and behind the ears a fine
the backs of your hands
the band of tissue that connects calf muscles at the back of the lower leg to your heel bone. achilles tendinitis achilles tendinitis is an overuse injury of the achilles (uh-kill-eez) tendon
the band of tissue that connects calf muscles at the back of the lower leg to your heel bone. achilles tendinitis is an overuse injury of the achilles (uh-kill-eez) tendon
the band of tissue that connects calf muscles at the back of the lower leg to your heel bone. achilles tendinitis open pop-up dialog box achilles tendinitis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close achilles tendinitis achilles tendinitis achilles tendinitis is an overuse injury of the achilles (uh-kill-eez) tendon
the band of tissue that connects calf muscles at the back of the lower leg to your heel bone. close achilles tendinitis achilles tendinitis achilles tendinitis is an overuse injury of the achilles (uh-kill-eez) tendon
the band of tissue that connects calf muscles at the back of the lower leg to your heel bone. close close close achilles tendinitis achilles tendinitis achilles tendinitis is an overuse injury of the achilles (uh-kill-eez) tendon
the band of tissue that connects calf muscles at the back of the lower leg to your heel bone. the pain associated with achilles tendinitis typically begins as a mild ache in the back of the leg or above the heel after running or other sports activity. episodes of more-severe pain may occur after prolonged running
the bands come together and vibrate to make sound. the rest of the time
the best car or office. at the same time
the better your chances of reversing damage from gingivitis and preventing its progression to periodontitis.
the better your chances of reversing damage from periodontitis.
the black circles in the middle of the eyes confusion
the blisters are caused by contact with the oily substance in poison ivy (urushiol) that causes allergic reactions. close close close poison ivy blisters poison ivy blisters here
the blisters are caused by contact with the oily substance in poison ivy (urushiol) that causes allergic reactions. close poison ivy blisters poison ivy blisters here
the blisters are caused by contact with the oily substance in poison ivy (urushiol) that causes allergic reactions. contact dermatitis shows up on skin that has been directly exposed to the substance causing the reaction. for example
the blisters are caused by contact with the oily substance in poison ivy (urushiol) that causes allergic reactions. here
the blisters are caused by contact with the oily substance in poison ivy (urushiol) that causes allergic reactions. poison ivy blisters here
the blisters are caused by contact with the oily substance in poison ivy (urushiol) that causes allergic reactions. poison ivy blisters open pop-up dialog box poison ivy blisters open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close poison ivy blisters poison ivy blisters here
the blisters associated with dyshidrosis occur most commonly on the sides of the fingers and the palms. sometimes the soles of the feet also can be affected. the blisters are usually small — about the width of a standard pencil lead — and grouped in clusters
the blisters fill with pus. these sores are called pustules. scabs form 8 to 9 days later and eventually fall off
the bloodstream
the bmi and
the body can't get enough oxygen and this causes fatigue. episodes of pain. periodic episodes of extreme pain
the bone bends and cracks instead of breaking into separate pieces. most greenstick fractures occur in children under age 10. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff request an appointment request an appointment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment diagnosis & treatment feb. 25
the bottom of your mouth — beneath the tongue — and
the bottoms of your feet and on your genitals. signs and symptoms of squamous cell carcinoma of the skin include: a firm
the brain
the bulge may be visible only when they cry
the bump develops into an open
the bump often looks brown or glossy black. tiny blood vessels might be visible
the cancer cells can grow to invade and destroy normal tissue nearby. and cancerous cells can spread (metastasize) to other parts of the body. risk factors factors that may increase the risk of small bowel cancer include: gene mutations passed through families. some gene mutations that are inherited from your parents can increase your risk of small bowel cancer and other cancers. examples include lynch syndrome
the cancer could recur in the remaining breast tissue. if you've undergone a mastectomy
the cancer could recur in the tissue that lines the chest wall or in the skin. signs and symptoms of local recurrence within the same breast may include: a new lump in your breast or irregular area of firmness changes to the skin of your breast skin inflammation or area of redness nipple discharge signs and symptoms of local recurrence on the chest wall after a mastectomy may include: one or more painless nodules on or under the skin of your chest wall a new area of thickening along or near the mastectomy scar regional recurrence a regional breast cancer recurrence means the cancer has come back in the nearby lymph nodes. signs and symptoms of regional recurrence may include a lump or swelling in the lymph nodes located: under your arm near your collarbone in the groove above your collarbone in your neck distant recurrence a distant (metastatic) recurrence means the cancer has traveled to distant parts of the body
the cancer may cause eye pain
the cause has nothing to do with the heart — though there's no easy way to tell without seeing a health care provider. heart-related chest pain chest pain is often associated with heart disease. but many people with heart disease say they have a mild discomfort that they wouldn't really call pain. chest discomfort due to a heart attack or another heart problem may feel like: pressure
the cause is unknown. some people who have cervical dystonia have a family history of the disorder. researchers have found gene mutations associated with cervical dystonia. cervical dystonia is also sometimes linked to head
the characteristic signs and symptoms of progressive supranuclear palsy include: a loss of balance while walking. a tendency to fall backward can occur very early in the disease. an inability to aim your eyes properly. you may not be able to look downward
the characteristics of the discharge might indicate the type of vaginitis you have. examples include: bacterial vaginosis. you might develop a grayish-white
the chief symptom is an urge to move the legs. common accompanying characteristics of rls include: rls sensations that begin while resting. the sensation typically begins after you've been lying down or sitting for an extended time
the child may get very stiff or twitch in just one area of the body. a child having a febrile seizure may: have a fever higher than 100.4 f (38.0 c) lose consciousness shake or jerk the arms and legs febrile seizures are classified as simple or complex: simple febrile seizures. this most common type lasts from a few seconds to 15 minutes. simple febrile seizures do not recur within a 24-hour period and are not specific to one part of the body. complex febrile seizures. this type lasts longer than 15 minutes
the ciliary body and the choroid. when you look at your eye in the mirror
the clitoris and labia may be small. early childhood to adulthood other features of prader-willi syndrome appear during early childhood and remain throughout life
the cloudiness in your vision caused by a cataract may affect only a small part of the eye's lens and you may be unaware of any vision loss. as the cataract grows larger
the clutter can become overwhelming as symptoms become more severe and increasingly difficult to treat. problems with hoarding gradually develop over time and tend to be a private behavior. you may avoid having family
the colored parts of the eyes
the condition can come and go. joints. joint swelling and pain often affect the knees in people with behcet's disease. the ankles
the condition has a noticeable effect on growth or appearance. signs and symptoms of klinefelter syndrome also vary by age. babies signs and symptoms may include: weak muscles slow motor development — taking longer than average to sit up
the condition is frequently mistaken for depression. however
the condition is often irreversible. crps occasionally may spread from its source to elsewhere in the body
the condition starts off with unwanted and painful erections of short duration and might progress over time to more-frequent and more-prolonged erections. stuttering priapism may begin in childhood. nonischemic priapism nonischemic priapism
the condition worsens quickly; in others
the confused thinking associated with hypothermia prevents self-awareness. the confused thinking can also lead to risk-taking behavior.
the congenital heart defects won't allow enough blood through and eventually the blue skin color will become obvious.
the contents of the hernia may be trapped (incarcerated) in the abdominal wall. an incarcerated hernia can become strangulated
the cough and darkening or peeling of the skin where the rash was may stay for about 10 days. when can a person spread the measles virus? a person with measles can spread the virus to others for about eight days
the course of the disease is highly variable. it can take months to fully recover. fatigue and joint aches can last even longer. the disease's severity depends on several factors
the defining feature of preeclampsia is high blood pressure
the digits may turn white
the discoloration affects nearly all skin surfaces. many parts of the body. with this most common type
the discolored patches often progress similarly on corresponding body parts (symmetrically). only one side or part of the body. this type
the disease affects only the lungs. when the kidneys are affected
the disease has highly variable effects from person to person. signs and symptoms may include: pls stiffness
the disease is only in the colon
the disease may damage the brain
the disease moves from the secondary stage to the hidden (latent) stage
the disorder is diagnosed during a routine check-up. some children might experience these signs and symptoms as a result of too much sugar in their bloodstreams: increased thirst frequent urination increased hunger fatigue blurry vision darkened areas of skin
the episodes are not as frequent
the excess calcium in your blood was leached from your bones
the eye symptoms precede the skin symptoms. enlarged nose. over time
the factor v leiden mutation does not itself cause any symptoms. since factor v leiden is a risk for developing blood clots in the leg or lungs
the fever rises sharply
the fingers or toes turn red. swollen fingers or hands. some people have swelling of the fingers. muscle and joint pain. joints can become inflamed
the first form of cte may cause mental health and behavioral issues including depression
the first indication that you have the disorder may be the development of an abnormal blood clot. some clots do no damage and disappear on their own. others can be life-threatening. symptoms of a blood clot depend on what part of your body is affected. a clot in a deep vein this is known as deep vein thrombosis (dvt)
the first sign of fmf is amyloidosis. with amyloidosis
the first sign of hyperoxaluria is a kidney stone. symptoms of a kidney stone can include: severe or sudden back pain pain in the area below the ribs on the back (flank) that doesn't go away blood in the urine frequent urge to urinate pain when urinating chills or fever
the first sign of merkel cell carcinoma is usually a fast-growing
the first signs of the common cold in a baby are often: a congested or runny nose nasal discharge that may be clear at first but might thicken and turn yellow or green other signs and symptoms of a common cold in a baby may include: fever sneezing coughing decreased appetite irritability difficulty sleeping trouble nursing or taking a bottle due to nasal congestion
the first symptoms involve face and throat muscles
the first symptoms of hoarding disorder often appear during the teenage to early adult years. you may get and save too many items
the first symptoms of rabies may be very similar to those of the flu and may last for days. later signs and symptoms may include: fever headache nausea vomiting agitation anxiety confusion hyperactivity difficulty swallowing excessive salivation fear brought on by attempts to drink fluids because of difficulty swallowing water fear brought on by air blown on the face hallucinations insomnia partial paralysis
the first warning signs of an ectopic pregnancy are light vaginal bleeding and pelvic pain. if blood leaks from the fallopian tube
the four main characteristics of henoch-schonlein purpura include: rash (purpura). reddish-purple spots that look like bruises develop on the buttocks
the frontal
the frontal and temporal lobes of the brain shrink. in addition
the goiter is small enough that it's only discovered during a routine medical exam or an imaging test for another condition. other signs or symptoms depend on whether thyroid function changes
the growth may be lighter than unaffected skin hard
the head is disproportionately large compared with the body. almost all people with disproportionate dwarfism have normal intellectual capacities. rare exceptions are usually the result of a secondary factor
the headache might feel like eye pain or sinus pain. brain tumor symptoms by location brain lobes open pop-up dialog box close brain lobes brain lobes each side of your brain contains four lobes. the frontal lobe is important for cognitive functions and control of voluntary movement or activity. the parietal lobe processes information about temperature
the heart doesn't get enough oxygen-rich blood. remember
the heart has to pump its own energy supply. it's working harder with less. and you may begin to notice these signs and symptoms of pressure or tightness in your chest. this pain is called angina. it may feel like somebody is standing on your chest. when your heart can't pump enough blood to meet your body's needs
the heart returns to its typical rhythm. if the heart doesn't reset itself or if an external defibrillator isn't used in time to reset the heart rhythm
the heart rhythm doesn't go back to normal on its own. if a person has a-fib symptoms
the hormonal changes of menstruation can worsen symptoms in women. for some people
the illness can cause problems in the intestines. people may have: stomach pain. very swollen stomach. an infection caused by gut bacteria spreading throughout the body
the inability to tolerate heat and gastrointestinal symptoms. you may experience a range of symptoms because many peripheral nerve injuries affect more than one type of nerve fiber.
the infection can show up in other tissues throughout the body. lung infection may cause: breathing problems. fever. cough. toxoplasmosis may cause inflammation of the brain
the infection spreads more easily during primary infection than during the next stage. clinical latent infection (chronic hiv) in this stage of infection
the inflamed bumps of miliaria rubra fill with pus. this form is called miliaria pustulosa. a less common form of heat rash is called miliaria profunda. it affects the deepest layer of the skin (dermis). it causes firm
the inside walls of the airways in your lungs can become inflamed and swollen. in addition
the insides of your cheeks
the intestinal infestation can cause: vague abdominal pain nausea and vomiting diarrhea or bloody stools if you have a large number of worms in the intestine
the involuntary muscle contractions associated with cervical dystonia can spread to nearby areas of your body. the most common locations include the face
the irregular heart rhythm can't be restored. medications are needed to control the heart rate and to prevent blood clots.
the itchiness usually goes away within a few days. other less common signs and symptoms of cholestasis of pregnancy may include: yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes
the itchy blister rash caused by chickenpox infection appears 10 to 21 days after exposure to the virus and usually lasts about five to 10 days. other signs and symptoms
the joint may become dislocated.
the lack of an orgasm is not considered a disorder.
the larvae travel to the throat
the legs become rigid
the length of time between periods may be longer or shorter
the lesions may spread downward into your esophagus — the long
the liver open pop-up dialog box close the liver the liver the liver is your largest internal organ. about the size of a football
the location and severity of knee pain may vary
the lump can extend into a hard cord under the skin and up into the finger. this cord tightens and pulls the finger toward the palm
the main features of adhd may include difficulty paying attention
the main sign of acanthosis nigricans is dark
the main sign of fap is hundreds or even thousands of polyps growing in your colon and rectum
the main sign of low sperm count is the inability to conceive a child. there might be no other obvious signs or symptoms. in some men
the main sign of male infertility is the inability to conceive a child. there may be no other obvious signs or symptoms. in some cases
the main sign of muscular dystrophy is progressive muscle weakness. specific signs and symptoms begin at different ages and in different muscle groups
the main sign of placenta previa is bright red vaginal bleeding
the main symptom of hyperhidrosis is heavy sweating. this goes beyond the sweating from being in a hot environment
the main symptom of infertility is not getting pregnant. there may be no other obvious symptoms. sometimes
the main symptom of infertility is the inability to get pregnant. a menstrual cycle that's too long (35 days or more)
the main symptom of popliteal artery entrapment syndrome (paes) is pain or cramping in the back of the lower leg (the calf) that occurs during exercise and goes away with rest. other signs and symptoms may include: cold feet after exercise tingling or burning in your calf (paresthesia) numbness in the calf area if the nearby vein (popliteal vein) also becomes trapped by the calf muscle
the main symptom of premature ejaculation is not being able to delay ejaculation for more than three minutes after penetration. but it might occur in all sexual situations
the main symptom of transient global amnesia is being unable to create new memories and remember the recent past. once that symptom is confirmed
the main symptoms of a pneumothorax are sudden chest pain and shortness of breath. severity of symptoms may depend on how much of the lung is collapsed.
the measles virus spreads in the body. there are no signs or symptoms of measles during this time. nonspecific signs and symptoms. measles typically begins with a mild to moderate fever
the mildest forms of histoplasmosis cause no signs or symptoms. but severe infections can be life-threatening. when signs and symptoms occur
the more common signs and symptoms of hydrocephalus are: loss of bladder control or a frequent urge to urinate memory loss progressive loss of other thinking or reasoning skills difficulty walking
the more common type
the more distress and disruption you may experience in your life.
the more likely you are to have bad effects. alcohol intoxication causes behavior problems and mental changes. these may include inappropriate behavior
the more likely you'll have long-lasting or permanent asthma symptoms.
the more you scratch. breaking this itch-scratch cycle can be difficult.
the most common complaint is bone pain. because this disease causes your body to generate new bone faster than normal
the most common form in north america and europe. the most common sign of aidp is muscle weakness that starts in the lower part of your body and spreads upward. miller fisher syndrome (mfs)
the most common is chest pressure or pain
the most common location gums tongue inner tissues of the lips palate pain or discomfort the white
the most common movement disorder variations in muscle tone
the most common pink eye symptoms include: redness in one or both eyes. itchiness in one or both eyes. a gritty feeling in one or both eyes. a discharge in one or both eyes that forms a crust during the night that may prevent your eye or eyes from opening in the morning. tearing. sensitivity to light
the most common sign of alcoholic hepatitis is yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes (jaundice). other signs and symptoms include: loss of appetite nausea and vomiting abdominal tenderness fever
the most common sign of wolff-parkinson-white (wpw) syndrome is a heart rate greater than 100 beats a minute. episodes of a fast heart rate (tachycardia) can begin suddenly and may last a few seconds or several hours. episodes can occur during exercise or while at rest. other signs and symptoms of wpw syndrome are related to the fast heart rate and underlying heart rhythm problem (arrhythmia). the most common arrhythmia seen with wpw syndrome is supraventricular tachycardia. supraventricular tachycardia causes episodes of a fast
the most common signs and symptoms are: fever and chills muscle aches or pain headache some people also experience: nausea stomach pain vomiting diarrhea as the disease progresses
the most common signs and symptoms of acute flaccid myelitis include: sudden arm or leg weakness sudden loss of muscle tone sudden loss of reflexes other possible signs and symptoms include: difficulty moving the eyes or drooping eyelids facial droop or weakness difficulty with swallowing or slurred speech pain in the arms
the most common signs and symptoms of arthritis involve the joints. depending on the type of arthritis
the most common signs and symptoms of juvenile idiopathic arthritis are: pain. while your child might not complain of joint pain
the most common signs and symptoms of uterine fibroids include: heavy menstrual bleeding menstrual periods lasting more than a week pelvic pressure or pain frequent urination difficulty emptying the bladder constipation backache or leg pains rarely
the most common symptom associated with the yips is an involuntary muscle jerk
the most common symptom of a rectovaginal fistula is passing gas or stool from the vagina. depending on the fistula's size and location
the most common symptom of pneumonitis is shortness of breath
the most frequent sign of gilbert syndrome is an occasional yellowish tinge of the skin and the whites of the eyes as a result of slightly higher levels of bilirubin in the blood. in people with gilbert syndrome
the most misused prescription drugs are: opioids used to treat pain
the most noticeable symptom of parvovirus infection in adults is joint soreness
the most obvious sign is a newborn's failure to have a bowel movement within 48 hours after birth. other signs and symptoms in newborns may include: swollen belly vomiting
the most obvious sign of a subconjunctival hemorrhage is a bright red patch on the white (sclera) of your eye. despite its bloody appearance
the muscle contractions involved in cervical dystonia can cause your head to twist in a variety of directions
the muscle weakness associated with polymyositis involves the muscles closest to the trunk
the mutations cause too many abnormal t cells that attack the skin. t cells are part of your immune system
the neck and back arch
the next one could be more serious. if your doctor thinks you or your child may be at risk of a severe reaction
the number of joints affected
the onset of signs and symptoms of ear infection is usually rapid. children signs and symptoms common in children include: ear pain
the opening is at the middle or the base of the penis. rarely
the opening is in or beneath the scrotum. signs and symptoms of hypospadias may include: opening of the urethra at a location other than the tip of the penis downward curve of the penis (chordee) hooded appearance of the penis because only the top half of the penis is covered by foreskin abnormal spraying during urination when to see a doctor when to see a doctor most infants with hypospadias are diagnosed soon after birth while still in the hospital. however
the opening of the urethra is located on the underside of the penis instead of at the tip. in most cases
the opening of the urethra is within the head of the penis. less often
the organs and tissues may not get enough oxygen. in general
the pain associated with a rotator cuff injury may: be described as a dull ache deep in the shoulder disturb sleep make it difficult to comb your hair or reach behind your back be accompanied by arm weakness some rotator cuff injuries don't cause pain.
the pain can be continuous and might progress to a stress reaction or stress fracture. when to see a doctor consult your doctor if rest
the pain can be intense. depending on the location of the pain
the pain can radiate down a leg. bending
the pain from cervical dystonia can be exhausting and disabling. causes in most people with cervical dystonia
the pain goes away when at rest. in extreme cases
the pain interferes with daily movements such as climbing stairs or rising from a chair.
the pain may seem to come from your upper abdomen because your appendix is higher during pregnancy.
the pain may spread farther into the thumb or forearm or both. moving the thumb and wrist may make the pain worse.
the pain might stop when you stop exercising. eventually
the pain must occur on both sides of your body and above and below your waist. fatigue. people with fibromyalgia often awaken tired
the pain of sacroiliitis most often occurs in the buttocks and lower back. it also can affect the legs
the pain of tennis elbow usually occurs at the bony bump on the outside of the elbow (lateral epicondyle). close close close golfer's elbow golfer's elbow the pain of golfer's elbow occurs primarily where the tendons of the forearm muscles attach to the bony bump on the inside of the elbow (medial epicondyle). by contrast
the pain of tennis elbow usually occurs at the bony bump on the outside of the elbow (lateral epicondyle). close golfer's elbow golfer's elbow the pain of golfer's elbow occurs primarily where the tendons of the forearm muscles attach to the bony bump on the inside of the elbow (medial epicondyle). by contrast
the pain of tennis elbow usually occurs at the bony bump on the outside of the elbow (lateral epicondyle). golfer's elbow is characterized by: pain and tenderness. usually felt on the inner side of your elbow
the pain of tennis elbow usually occurs at the bony bump on the outside of the elbow (lateral epicondyle). golfer's elbow open pop-up dialog box golfer's elbow open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close golfer's elbow golfer's elbow the pain of golfer's elbow occurs primarily where the tendons of the forearm muscles attach to the bony bump on the inside of the elbow (medial epicondyle). by contrast
the pain of tennis elbow usually occurs at the bony bump on the outside of the elbow (lateral epicondyle). golfer's elbow the pain of golfer's elbow occurs primarily where the tendons of the forearm muscles attach to the bony bump on the inside of the elbow (medial epicondyle). by contrast
the pain of tennis elbow usually occurs at the bony bump on the outside of the elbow (lateral epicondyle). the pain of golfer's elbow occurs primarily where the tendons of the forearm muscles attach to the bony bump on the inside of the elbow (medial epicondyle). by contrast
the pain sometimes extends along the inner side of your forearm. pain typically worsens with certain movements. stiffness. your elbow may feel stiff
the pain worsens and starts to interfere with playing your sport. eventually
the pain worsens at night
the penile tissues continue to receive some blood flow and oxygen. nonischemic priapism often occurs due to trauma. signs and symptoms include: erection lasting more than four hours or unrelated to sexual interest or stimulation erect but not fully rigid penile shaft usually not painful
the person may avoid people and activities or lack the ability to experience pleasure. compared with schizophrenia symptoms in adults
the person may neglect personal hygiene or appear to lack emotion — doesn't make eye contact
the placenta doesn't form typically. it can look like a mass of cysts. the fetus either doesn't form or doesn't form regularly and can't survive. a molar pregnancy may seem like a regular pregnancy at first. but most molar pregnancies cause symptoms that can include: dark brown to bright red bleeding from the vagina during the first three months severe nausea and vomiting sometimes grapelike cysts that pass from the vagina pelvic pressure or pain because of improved ways of detecting a molar pregnancy
the placenta doesn't form typically. it can look like a mass of cysts. the fetus either doesn't form or doesn't form regularly and can't survive. close close close molar pregnancy molar pregnancy during a molar pregnancy
the placenta doesn't form typically. it can look like a mass of cysts. the fetus either doesn't form or doesn't form regularly and can't survive. close molar pregnancy molar pregnancy during a molar pregnancy
the placenta doesn't form typically. it can look like a mass of cysts. the fetus either doesn't form or doesn't form regularly and can't survive. during a molar pregnancy
the placenta doesn't form typically. it can look like a mass of cysts. the fetus either doesn't form or doesn't form regularly and can't survive. molar pregnancy during a molar pregnancy
the placenta doesn't form typically. it can look like a mass of cysts. the fetus either doesn't form or doesn't form regularly and can't survive. molar pregnancy open pop-up dialog box molar pregnancy open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close molar pregnancy molar pregnancy during a molar pregnancy
the potential for sexual misconduct or sexual assault is associated with the use of these drugs. ghb signs and symptoms of use of club drugs can include: hallucinations paranoia larger than usual pupils chills and sweating involuntary shaking (tremors) behavior changes muscle cramping and teeth clenching muscle relaxation
the presence of nits doesn't mean there are live lice. sores on the scalp
the presence of turner syndrome may not be readily apparent
the primary features of adhd include inattention and hyperactive-impulsive behavior. adhd symptoms start before age 12
the primary sign of multiple system atrophy is autonomic failure
the primary sign of pseudobulbar affect (pba) is frequent
the primary symptom of endometriosis is pelvic pain
the primary symptom of microcephaly is having a head size that is much smaller than that of other children of the same age and sex. head size is a measure of the distance around the top of the child's head (circumference). using standardized growth charts
the primary symptoms of fibromyalgia include: widespread pain. the pain associated with fibromyalgia often is described as a constant dull ache that has lasted for at least three months. to be considered widespread
the problem is present from the time of sexual maturity. acquired delayed ejaculation occurs after a period of normal sexual functioning. generalized vs. situational. generalized delayed ejaculation isn't limited to certain sex partners or certain kinds of stimulation. situational delayed ejaculation occurs only under certain circumstances. these categories help in diagnosing an underlying cause and determining what might be the most effective treatment.
the protein amyloid a
the rapid remodeling produces bone that's less organized and weaker than normal bone
the rash and the facial paralysis occur at the same time. sometimes one can happen before the other. other times
the rash can cover the entire body
the rash is likely caused by cosmetics. close close close contact dermatitis on the face contact dermatitis on the face contact dermatitis often affects skin directly exposed to an offending substance. here
the rash is likely caused by cosmetics. close contact dermatitis on the face contact dermatitis on the face contact dermatitis often affects skin directly exposed to an offending substance. here
the rash is likely caused by cosmetics. contact dermatitis often affects skin directly exposed to an offending substance. here
the rash is likely caused by cosmetics. contact dermatitis on the face contact dermatitis often affects skin directly exposed to an offending substance. here
the rash is likely caused by cosmetics. contact dermatitis on the face open pop-up dialog box contact dermatitis on the face open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close contact dermatitis on the face contact dermatitis on the face contact dermatitis often affects skin directly exposed to an offending substance. here
the rash is likely caused by cosmetics. poison ivy blisters open pop-up dialog box close poison ivy blisters poison ivy blisters here
the rash is mainly found on the neck
the rash may appear red
the rash may be more spread out. you can also transfer the oil to other parts of your body with your fingers. the reaction usually develops 12 to 48 hours after exposure and lasts two to three weeks. the severity of the rash depends on the amount of urushiol that gets on your skin.
the rash may show up along a leg that brushed against poison ivy. the rash can develop within minutes to hours of exposure
the rash never occurs. if you have ramsay hunt syndrome
the rash occurs near the end of the illness. it's possible to mistake the rash for other viral rashes or a medicine-related rash. the rash may come and go for up to three weeks
the rash spreads down the arms
the rectum
the red mark grows rapidly into a spongy
the result may be impaired growth of the external sex organs. depending on when hypogonadism develops and how much testosterone is present
the result will be positive. still
the resulting signs and symptoms may include: sudden and rapidly intensifying pain in the upper right portion of your abdomen sudden and rapidly intensifying pain in the center of your abdomen
the results of stress or trauma
the scrotum
the sensations affect the arms. rls the sensations
the severity of fetal alcohol syndrome symptoms varies
the severity of symptoms can vary greatly between people with cvid. symptoms of common variable immunodeficiency may appear during childhood or adolescence
the shingles rash develops as a stripe of blisters that wraps around either the left or right side of the torso. sometimes the shingles rash occurs around one eye or on one side of the neck or face.
the shoulder
the shoulder becomes stiffer. using it becomes more difficult. this stage lasts from 4 to 12 months. thawing stage. the shoulder's ability to move begins to improve. this stage lasts from 5 to 24 months. for some people
the signs and symptoms intensify. iron deficiency anemia signs and symptoms may include: extreme fatigue weakness pale skin chest pain
the signs and symptoms of a brain tumor depend on the brain tumor's size and location. symptoms also might depend on how fast the brain tumor is growing
the signs and symptoms of a bunion include: a bulging bump on the outside of the base of your big toe swelling
the signs and symptoms of a concussion can be subtle and may not show up immediately. symptoms can last for days
the signs and symptoms of acute coronary syndrome usually begin abruptly. they include: chest pain (angina) or discomfort
the signs and symptoms of benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (bppv) may include: dizziness a sense that you or your surroundings are spinning or moving (vertigo) a loss of balance or unsteadiness nausea vomiting the signs and symptoms of bppv can come and go and commonly last less than one minute. episodes of bppv can disappear for some time and then recur. bppv bppv activities that bring about the signs and symptoms of bppv can vary from person to person
the signs and symptoms of bullous pemphigoid may include: itching skin
the signs and symptoms of celiac disease can vary greatly and differ in children and adults. digestive signs and symptoms for adults include: diarrhea fatigue weight loss bloating and gas abdominal pain nausea and vomiting constipation however
the signs and symptoms of cushing syndrome can vary depending on the levels of excess cortisol. common signs and symptoms of cushing syndrome weight gain and fatty tissue deposits
the signs and symptoms of dermatomyositis can appear suddenly or develop gradually over time. the most common signs and symptoms include: skin changes. a violet-colored or dusky red rash develops
the signs and symptoms of entropion result from the friction of your eyelashes and outer eyelid against the surface of your eye. you may experience: the feeling that something is in your eye eye redness eye irritation or pain sensitivity to light and wind watery eyes (excessive tearing) mucous discharge and eyelid crusting
the signs and symptoms of hus may vary
the signs and symptoms of hydrocephalus vary somewhat by age of onset. infants common signs and symptoms of hydrocephalus in infants include: changes in the head an unusually large head a rapid increase in the size of the head a bulging or tense soft spot (fontanel) on the top of the head physical signs and symptoms nausea and vomiting sleepiness or sluggishness (lethargy) irritability poor eating seizures eyes fixed downward (sunsetting of the eyes) problems with muscle tone and strength toddlers and older children among toddlers and older children
the signs and symptoms of interstitial cystitis vary from person to person. if you have interstitial cystitis
the signs and symptoms of lactose intolerance usually begin from 30 minutes to two hours after eating or drinking foods that contain lactose. common signs and symptoms include: diarrhea nausea
the signs and symptoms of lichen planus vary depending on the areas affected. typical signs and symptoms are: purplish
the signs and symptoms of pneumonia vary from mild to severe
the signs and symptoms of polymyalgia rheumatica usually occur on both sides of the body and might include: aches or pain in your shoulders aches or pain in your neck
the signs and symptoms of rubella are often difficult to notice
the signs and symptoms of takayasu's arteritis often occur in two stages. stage 1 in the first stage
the signs and symptoms of type 1 diabetes in children usually develop quickly
the signs and symptoms that give scarlet fever its name include: red rash. the rash looks like a sunburn and feels like sandpaper. it typically begins on the face or neck and spreads to the trunk
the size of the clots
the skin affected by the rash often peels.
the skin around the cyst may be swollen and painful. symptoms of an infected pilonidal cyst include: a pit near the top of the buttocks crease. pain. inflamed
the skin color should simply look slightly lighter than its normal color for a moment. examine your baby in good lighting conditions
the skin gets its color back.
the skin on the top of the foot and toes feels numb. depending on the cause
the skin symptoms develop more slowly and lasts several hours to days. the condition itself can last for months or years.
the skin thickening can also involve the forearms
the small blisters may merge to form larger blisters. skin affected by dyshidrosis can be painful and very itchy. the blisters dry and flake off in about three weeks. dyshidrosis tends to recur fairly regularly for months or years.
the soft
the sound can be so loud it interferes with your ability to concentrate or hear external sound. tinnitus may be present all the time
the spine will rotate or twist in addition to curving side to side. this causes the ribs or muscles on one side of the body to stick out farther than those on the other side.
the start of symptoms may range from a few hours to a few days. symptoms of foodborne botulism include: trouble swallowing or speaking dry mouth facial weakness on both sides of the face blurred or double vision drooping eyelids trouble breathing nausea
the stitches used to close a wound often will tear out and leave a gaping scar. these scars may look thin and crinkly. symptom severity can vary from person to person and depends on the specific type of ehlers-danlos syndrome that you have. the most common type is called hypermobile ehlers-danlos syndrome. vascular ehlers-danlos syndrome people who have vascular ehlers-danlos syndrome often share distinctive facial features of a thin nose
the stolen items have no value to the person with kleptomania
the swelling and pain go away within a few hours. moderate reaction some people who get stung by a bee or other insect have a bit stronger reaction
the swollen area might be smaller in the morning and larger later in the day.
the symptoms may be due to mild cognitive impairment (mci). mci may be the cause of changes in thinking if: mci you forget things more often. you miss appointments or social events. you lose your train of thought. or you can't follow the plot of a book or movie. you have trouble following a conversation. you find it hard to make decisions
the symptoms of a coma commonly include: closed eyes. depressed brainstem reflexes
the symptoms of bronchiolitis are much like a cold: runny nose. stuffy nose. cough. sometimes a slight fever. later
the symptoms of cyclic vomiting syndrome often begin in the morning. signs and symptoms include: three or more recurrent episodes of vomiting that start around the same time and last for a similar length of time varying intervals of generally normal health without nausea between episodes intense nausea and sweating before an episode starts other signs and symptoms during a vomiting episode may include: abdominal pain diarrhea dizziness sensitivity to light headache retching or gagging
the symptoms of glaucoma depend on the type and stage of your condition. open-angle glaucoma no symptoms in early stages gradually
the symptoms of hiv and aids vary
the symptoms of narcolepsy may get worse during the first few years of the disorder. then they continue for life. they include: excessive daytime sleepiness. people with narcolepsy fall asleep without warning. it can happen anywhere and at any time. it may happen when you're bored or during a task. for example
the symptoms of radiation enteritis include diarrhea
the symptoms tend to progress over time
the syndrome tends to occur in three stages and gets progressively worse. almost everyone with the condition has asthma
the teen years or young adulthood. signs and symptoms of these include: slowed growth no growth spurts at expected times in childhood adult height significantly less than might be expected for a female member of the family failure to begin sexual changes expected during puberty sexual development that "stalls" during teenage years early end to menstrual cycles not due to pregnancy for most females with turner syndrome
the testicle originally descended as it should
the testicle usually descends within a few months. if your son has a retractile testicle
the testicles gradually descend from the abdomen through a tube-like passageway in the groin (inguinal canal) into the scrotum. with an undescended testicle
the testicles gradually descend into the scrotum. if this descent isn't completed at birth
the thighbone (femur) is the strongest bone in the body. it is usually obvious when the thighbone is broken because it takes so much force to break. but a break in the shinbone (tibia) or in the bone that runs alongside the shinbone (fibula) may be less obvious. signs and symptoms of a broken leg may include: severe pain
the time from infection with the hantavirus to the start of illness is usually about 2 to 3 weeks. hantavirus pulmonary syndrome advances through two distinct stages. in the first stage
the top layer of skin comes off. this leaves a red
the tube that carries urine out of the body. scarring in the bladder neck due to past surgery. bladder or kidney stones. problems with nerves that control the bladder. cancer of the prostate or bladder. some medicines also may lead to symptoms that seem like those caused by bph. these include: bph powerful pain-relieving medicines called opioids. cold and allergy medicines. older medicines for depression called tricyclic antidepressants.
the tube that releases urine from the body discharge from the vagina during the first outbreak
the tumor can grow very large
the twitching doesn't occur on both sides of the face at the same time. causes hemifacial spasm is most often caused by a blood vessel touching a facial nerve. it can also be caused by a facial nerve injury or a tumor. sometimes there's no identifiable cause. hemifacial spasm may sometimes be triggered by: moving the muscles in the face anxiety stress fatigue by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff hemifacial spasm care at mayo clinic
the two main features of amnesia are: trouble learning new information. trouble remembering past events and previously familiar information. most people with amnesia have problems with short-term memory
the typical mole is a small brown spot. but moles come in different colors
the underlying blood vessels are very visible through the skin. vascular ehlers-danlos syndrome can weaken your heart's largest artery (aorta)
the upper back naturally has a little kyphosis. people who have excessive curvature may experience back pain and stiffness.
the virus can be in your body from 7 to 19 days before you look or feel sick. this time is called the incubation period. after the incubation period
the vocal cords are relaxed in an open position so that you can breathe. in most cases of vocal cord paralysis
the walls of the vagina
the woman has placed a tampon in one vagina
the yips are a type of focal dystonia
their feces may still be contagious up to a few weeks.
their first signs and symptoms involve eye problems
then come back.
then may progress and affect the cheek and mouth on the same side of the face. at first
then over the thighs
then stop. one or only a few areas of the body. this type is called localized (focal) vitiligo. the face and hands. with this type
there are different types of gaucher disease
there are four common routes of anthrax infection
there are many different types of ehlers-danlos syndrome
there are no specific symptoms that have been clearly linked to cte. some of the possible signs and symptoms of cte can occur in many other conditions. in the few people with proved cte
there are no symptoms
there are several types of bipolar and related disorders. they may include mania or hypomania and depression. symptoms can cause unpredictable changes in mood and behavior
there are several types of thalassemia. the signs and symptoms you have depend on the type and severity of your condition. thalassemia signs and symptoms can include: fatigue weakness pale or yellowish skin facial bone deformities slow growth abdominal swelling dark urine some babies show signs and symptoms of thalassemia at birth; others develop them during the first two years of life. some people who have only one affected hemoglobin gene don't have thalassemia symptoms.
there are three forms of tay-sachs disease: infantile
there aren't any signs or symptoms because the spinal nerves aren't involved. but you can sometimes see signs on the newborn's skin above the spinal problem
there is delayed growth in other parts of the body. loss of movement and coordination abilities. the first signs often include reduced hand control and a decreasing ability to crawl or walk. at first
there may be fusion of fingers or toes or extra fingers or toes. lymphatic system malformations. the lymphatic system — part of the immune system that protects against infection and disease and transports lymphatic fluid — can be malformed. extra lymphatic vessels can be present that don't work properly and can lead to fluid leakage into the tissues and swelling. other conditions. kts can also include cataracts
there may be no obvious signs or symptoms of atelectasis. if you do have signs and symptoms
there may be pain
there may be swelling in the hand or foot of an affected limb if it occurs in the abdomen
there might be no signs or symptoms in the early stages of cardiomyopathy. but as the condition advances
there might be no visible bleeding. in some cases
there typically are no symptoms in the early stages of bone loss. but once your bones have been weakened by osteoporosis
there's a 50% chance that you'll pass on the gene to each of your children. complications complications depend on the types of signs and symptoms you have. for example
there's no memory of the incident. some people have many episodes daily
there's no outward sign of this condition
there's no specific time that indicates a diagnosis of delayed ejaculation. instead
there's often a "break from reality" (psychosis) frequently requiring hospitalization and treatment with medication.
there's usually no infection. however
these animals often aren't cared for properly. the health and safety of the person and the animals are often at risk because of unsanitary conditions.
these are chemical compounds rather than "natural" or harmless products. these drugs can produce a "high" similar to marijuana and have become a popular but dangerous alternative. signs and symptoms of recent use can include: a sense of euphoria or feeling "high" elevated mood an altered sense of visual
these are common features of ganglion cysts: location. ganglion cysts most often develop along the tendons or joints of wrists or hands. the next most common locations are the ankles and feet. these cysts grow near other joints too. shape and size. ganglion cysts are round or oval. some are too small to feel. the size of a cyst can change
these are followed by more-severe symptoms over a period of hours to days
these are not bath products such as epsom salts. substituted cathinones can be eaten
these color changes may be harder or easier to see. some types of heart failure can lead to an enlarged heart. close close close heart failure heart failure heart failure occurs when the heart muscle doesn't pump blood as well as it should. blood often backs up and causes fluid to build up in the lungs and in the legs. the fluid buildup can cause shortness of breath and swelling of the legs and feet. poor blood flow may cause the skin to appear blue or gray. depending on your skin color
these color changes may be harder or easier to see. some types of heart failure can lead to an enlarged heart. close heart failure heart failure heart failure occurs when the heart muscle doesn't pump blood as well as it should. blood often backs up and causes fluid to build up in the lungs and in the legs. the fluid buildup can cause shortness of breath and swelling of the legs and feet. poor blood flow may cause the skin to appear blue or gray. depending on your skin color
these color changes may be harder or easier to see. some types of heart failure can lead to an enlarged heart. heart failure heart failure occurs when the heart muscle doesn't pump blood as well as it should. blood often backs up and causes fluid to build up in the lungs and in the legs. the fluid buildup can cause shortness of breath and swelling of the legs and feet. poor blood flow may cause the skin to appear blue or gray. depending on your skin color
these color changes may be harder or easier to see. some types of heart failure can lead to an enlarged heart. heart failure occurs when the heart muscle doesn't pump blood as well as it should. blood often backs up and causes fluid to build up in the lungs and in the legs. the fluid buildup can cause shortness of breath and swelling of the legs and feet. poor blood flow may cause the skin to appear blue or gray. depending on your skin color
these color changes may be harder or easier to see. some types of heart failure can lead to an enlarged heart. heart failure open pop-up dialog box heart failure open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close heart failure heart failure heart failure occurs when the heart muscle doesn't pump blood as well as it should. blood often backs up and causes fluid to build up in the lungs and in the legs. the fluid buildup can cause shortness of breath and swelling of the legs and feet. poor blood flow may cause the skin to appear blue or gray. depending on your skin color
these color changes may be harder or easier to see. some types of heart failure can lead to an enlarged heart. if you have heart failure
these episodes turn into ongoing feelings of depersonalization or derealization that may periodically get better or worse.
these glands release fluids that cool your body as they evaporate. apocrine glands are found in areas where you have hair
these mutations damage the nerves. other mutations damage the protective coating that surrounds the nerve (myelin sheath). both cause weaker messages to travel between your limbs and brain. risk factors charcot-marie-tooth disease is hereditary
these patches can grow quite large. a white
these seizures don't cause a loss of consciousness. they may alter emotions or change the way things look
these seizures involve a change or loss of consciousness or awareness. this type of seizure may seem like being in a dream. during a focal seizure with impaired awareness
these skin marks can be signs of an underlying spinal cord issue that can be discovered with mri or spinal ultrasound in a newborn. meningocele. this type may cause problems with bladder and bowel function. myelomeningocele. in this severe type of spina bifida: the spinal canal remains open along several vertebrae in the lower or middle back both the membranes and the spinal cord or nerves protrude at birth
these symptoms are nonspecific and in most instances are due to something else even if you have a liver hemangioma
these symptoms aren't specific. they usually don't occur until high blood pressure has reached a severe or life-threatening stage.
these symptoms may be the first sign of having diabetes. symptoms might include: being very thirsty urinating often feeling a need to throw up and throwing up having stomach pain being weak or tired being short of breath having fruity-scented breath being confused more-certain signs of diabetic ketoacidosis — which can show up in home blood and urine test kits — include: high blood sugar level high ketone levels in urine
these symptoms must have been present for less than six months.
they are different for men and women. in women
they are typically itchy
they are typically related to gastritis or a peptic ulcer and may include: h. pylori an ache or burning pain in your stomach (abdomen) stomach pain that may be worse when your stomach is empty nausea loss of appetite frequent burping bloating unintentional weight loss
they are usually mild and may include: swelling at the infection site fever fatigue rash body aches eyelid swelling headache loss of appetite nausea
they can be painful. close close close plantar warts plantar warts plantar warts are caused by the same type of virus that causes warts on your hands and fingers. but
they can be painful. close plantar warts plantar warts plantar warts are caused by the same type of virus that causes warts on your hands and fingers. but
they can be painful. flat warts open pop-up dialog box close flat warts flat warts flat warts are smaller and smoother than other warts. they generally occur on the face or legs and are more common in children and teens than in adults. flat warts open pop-up dialog box flat warts open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close flat warts flat warts flat warts are smaller and smoother than other warts. they generally occur on the face or legs and are more common in children and teens than in adults. close flat warts flat warts flat warts are smaller and smoother than other warts. they generally occur on the face or legs and are more common in children and teens than in adults. close flat warts flat warts flat warts are smaller and smoother than other warts. they generally occur on the face or legs and are more common in children and teens than in adults. close close close flat warts flat warts flat warts are smaller and smoother than other warts. they generally occur on the face or legs and are more common in children and teens than in adults. flat warts flat warts are smaller and smoother than other warts. they generally occur on the face or legs and are more common in children and teens than in adults. flat warts are smaller and smoother than other warts. they generally occur on the face or legs and are more common in children and teens than in adults. female genital warts open pop-up dialog box close female genital warts female genital warts genital warts are a common sexually transmitted infection. they can appear on the genitals
they can be painful. plantar warts are caused by the same type of virus that causes warts on your hands and fingers. but
they can be painful. plantar warts open pop-up dialog box plantar warts open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close plantar warts plantar warts plantar warts are caused by the same type of virus that causes warts on your hands and fingers. but
they can be painful. plantar warts plantar warts are caused by the same type of virus that causes warts on your hands and fingers. but
they can go into shock and possibly die. signs of shock include: cool
they can include: pain swelling redness warmth a clot that travels to your lungs known as a pulmonary embolism
they can still infect others through contaminated water. most cases of cholera that cause symptoms cause mild or moderate diarrhea that's often hard to tell apart from diarrhea caused by other problems. others develop more-serious signs and symptoms of cholera
they can't be easily brushed out of hair. sores on the scalp
they continue to pull their hair to maintain these positive feelings. trichotillomania is a long-term (chronic) disorder. without treatment
they develop gradually. they may affect one or both eyes. occasionally
they don't cause the distress and problems functioning that are part of hoarding disorder. hoarding animals people who hoard animals may collect dozens or even hundreds of pets. animals may be confined inside or outside. because of the large numbers
they form a tumor. with time
they grow into adult worms in your small intestine. the adults then produce larvae that move through the bloodstream to muscle tissues
they hatch in the small intestine and the larvae migrate through the bloodstream or lymphatic system into the lungs. at this stage
they may be mistaken for other illnesses — such as the flu — and usually begin four to 10 days after you are bitten by an infected mosquito. dengue fever causes a high fever — 104 f (40 c) — and any of the following signs and symptoms: headache muscle
they may become darker and larger. clusters of brown spots around the eyes
they may bend — causing you to become bowlegged. enlarged and misshapen bones in your legs can put extra stress on nearby joints
they may cause temporary or permanent hair loss. nails. though rare
they may exaggerate symptoms to appear sicker or more impaired than is true. making up histories. they may give loved ones
they may experience: cah irregular menstrual periods
they may grow and merge into one larger ulcer.
they may include: difficulty breathing rapid
they may include: easy or excessive bruising superficial bleeding into the skin that appears as pinpoint-sized reddish-purple spots (petechiae) that look like a rash
they may include: fatigue. easily bleeding or bruising. loss of appetite. nausea. swelling in the legs
they may include: increased thirst. frequent urination. increased hunger. unintended weight loss. fatigue. blurred vision. slow-healing sores. frequent infections. numbness or tingling in the hands or feet. areas of darkened skin
they may include: large amounts of unusual vaginal discharge frequent
they may include: losing weight without trying loss of appetite upper abdominal pain nausea and vomiting general weakness and fatigue abdominal swelling yellow discoloration of your skin and the whites of your eyes (jaundice) white
they may include: nafld fatigue pain or discomfort in the upper right abdomen possible signs and symptoms of nash and advanced scarring (cirrhosis) include: nash abdominal swelling (ascites) enlarged blood vessels just beneath the skin's surface enlarged spleen red palms yellowing of the skin and eyes (jaundice)
they may include: pain in the upper right abdomen feeling full after eating only a small amount of food (early satiety) nausea vomiting however
they may include: shortness of breath
they may include: yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes (jaundice) itching abdominal pain in the upper right portion of the abdomen fatigue loss of appetite nausea and vomiting rash fever weight loss dark or tea-colored urine
they may occur as soon as the first day or up to three months later. mild to moderate infection the most common signs and symptoms of mild to moderate c. difficile infection are: watery diarrhea three or more times a day for more than one day mild abdominal cramping and tenderness severe infection people who have a severe c. difficile infection tend to become dehydrated and may need to be hospitalized. c. difficile can cause the colon to become inflamed and sometimes form patches of raw tissue that can bleed or produce pus. signs and symptoms of severe infection include: watery diarrhea as often as 10 to 15 times a day abdominal cramping and pain
they may occur on the tip or shaft of the penis
they may struggle to breathe
they may suggest one or more of the following tests: an electrocardiogram or ecg
they might include: a lump that can be felt through the skin pain changes in bowel habits
they might include: an achy or heavy feeling in the legs burning
they might include: itching or irritation inside the penis burning with urination or after ejaculation discharge from the penis
they might include: shortness of breath or difficulty breathing (dyspnea) discomfort when breathing while lying down chest pain
they might include: whooshing sound (heart murmur) when a doctor is listening to the heart with a stethoscope chest pain abdominal swelling (more common with advanced tricuspid regurgitation) fatigue shortness of breath
they occur almost constantly. occasionally
they start slowly and get worse over time. symptoms depend on which part of the spine is affected. in the lower back spinal stenosis in the lower back can cause pain or cramping in one or both legs. this happens when you stand for a long time or when you walk. symptoms get better when you bend forward or sit. some people also have back pain. in the neck spinal stenosis in the neck can cause: numbness tingling or weakness in a hand
they travel around the body and bury themselves in muscle tissue. here
they typically include pain and stiffness in the neck. sometimes
they usually affect the skin of the genital and anal areas. the back
they usually appear 3 to 17 days after exposure and can include: fever chills headache muscle aches dry cough chest pain tiredness some people with histoplasmosis also get joint pain and a rash. people who have a lung disease
they usually begin two to 14 days after a person is bitten by an infected mosquito. symptoms usually last about a week
they vary greatly depending on how old you are when you get the disease. parvovirus symptoms in children early signs and symptoms of parvovirus infection in children may include: fever upset stomach headache runny nose distinctive facial rash several days after the appearance of early symptoms
they vary in appearance depending on which kind of hpv is involved: hpv hpv genital warts. these appear as flat lesions
they'll likely vary
they're called focal seizures. these seizures fall into two categories: focal seizures without loss of consciousness. once called simple partial seizures
they're noticeable as early as 3 years of age. adhd symptoms can be mild
they're often mild
they're often related to blood clots. examples include: headache. confusion or changes in speech. chest pain. shortness of breath and nausea. weakness. burning pain in the hands or feet. less commonly
they're still contagious and can spread the virus to others.
they're the result of damage or dysfunction in other organs or tissues. this damage or dysfunction is due to high calcium levels in the blood and urine or too little calcium in bones. symptoms may be so mild and nonspecific that they don't seem related to parathyroid function
they're usually attributed to other
thick
thick sputum.
thickened
thickened lips
thickened patches on the tongue discomfort when speaking
thickened skin (callus) over a spot on the skin
thickened skin excessive sweating and body odor small outgrowths of skin tissue (skin tags) fatigue and joint or muscle weakness pain and limited joint mobility a deepened
thigh or buttock. besides the hip
thighs
thighs and buttocks
thighs and buttocks — hair-bearing areas where you're most likely to sweat or experience friction. signs and symptoms of a boil usually include: a painful
thighs and genitals itchy
thighs or calf muscles after certain activities
thin faces; drooping eyelids; and swanlike necks. facioscapulohumeral (fshd). muscle weakness typically begins in the face
thin or shiny in the affected area changes in hair and nail growth joint stiffness
thin upper lip
think of the letters abcde: a is for asymmetrical shape. look for moles with irregular shapes
thinking
thinking and memory skills loss of motor skills
thinning and baldness skin and vein appearance breast size muscle size and tone genitalia a preoccupation with your body build being too small or not muscular enough (muscle dysmorphia) occurs almost exclusively in males. insight about body dysmorphic disorder varies. you may recognize that your beliefs about your perceived flaws may be excessive or not be true
thinning or splitting of nails
thirst isn't always a reliable early indicator of the body's need for water. many people
this bump can develop into a large
this condition includes a fever
this could include protected health information. if we combine this information with your protected health information
this disorder is characterized by "switching" to alternate identities. you may feel the presence of two or more people talking or living inside your head
this loss of abilities occurs rapidly
this means that a person has an average-size trunk and very short limbs
this occurs when a portion of a dvt breaks free and travels through the right side of your heart to your lung
this reduction or pause in breathing may signal you to wake up
this results in one or perhaps a few stings. in some cases a person will disrupt a hive or swarm of bees and get multiple stings. some types of bees — such as africanized honeybees — are more likely than are other bees to swarm
this shows up as protein or blood in the urine
this syndrome is characterized by progressive
this type of breast lump causes no pain. you can have a single fibroadenoma or more than one fibroadenoma. they can occur in one or both breasts. some fibroadenomas shrink over time. most fibroadenomas in adolescents shrink over many months to a few years. they then disappear. fibroadenomas may also change shape over time. fibroadenomas may get bigger during pregnancy. they might shrink after menopause.
this type of cancer most often develops on the lower legs. in both men and women
this will likely continue through perimenopause and beyond. loss of bone. with declining estrogen levels
those of complicated grief linger or get worse. complicated grief is like being in an ongoing
those with endometriosis typically describe menstrual pain that's far worse than usual. pain also may increase over time. common signs and symptoms of endometriosis include: painful periods (dysmenorrhea). pelvic pain and cramping may begin before and extend several days into a menstrual period. you may also have lower back and abdominal pain. pain with intercourse. pain during or after sex is common with endometriosis. pain with bowel movements or urination. you're most likely to experience these symptoms during a menstrual period. excessive bleeding. you may experience occasional heavy menstrual periods or bleeding between periods (intermenstrual bleeding). infertility. sometimes
those with median arcuate ligament syndrome (mals) can have long-term (chronic) stomach pain. the symptoms may be due to a lack of blood flow through the celiac artery or compression on nerves in the area. symptoms of mals include: mals pain in the upper middle stomach area
though
though apocrine glands may play a role as well. adults usually develop heat rash in skin folds and where clothing rubs against the skin. in infants
though apocrine glands may play a role as well. close close close sweat glands sweat glands eccrine sweat glands occur over most of the body and open directly onto the skin's surface. apocrine glands open into the hair follicle
though apocrine glands may play a role as well. close sweat glands sweat glands eccrine sweat glands occur over most of the body and open directly onto the skin's surface. apocrine glands open into the hair follicle
though apocrine glands may play a role as well. eccrine sweat glands occur over most of the body and open directly onto the skin's surface. apocrine glands open into the hair follicle
though apocrine glands may play a role as well. sweat glands eccrine sweat glands occur over most of the body and open directly onto the skin's surface. apocrine glands open into the hair follicle
though apocrine glands may play a role as well. sweat glands open pop-up dialog box sweat glands open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close sweat glands sweat glands eccrine sweat glands occur over most of the body and open directly onto the skin's surface. apocrine glands open into the hair follicle
though in some cases
though it can occur at any age. other bone diseases. ollier's disease and maffucci's syndrome are conditions that cause noncancerous bone growths (enchondromas) in the body. these growths sometimes transform into chondrosarcoma. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff chondrosarcoma care at mayo clinic
though it can sometimes start in younger children or in adults. emotional and behavioral symptoms signs and symptoms of social anxiety disorder can include constant: fear of situations in which you may be judged negatively worry about embarrassing or humiliating yourself intense fear of interacting or talking with strangers fear that others will notice that you look anxious fear of physical symptoms that may cause you embarrassment
though it can sometimes take longer. they're usually mild at first and resemble those of a common cold: runny nose nasal congestion red
though it can start later
though it may last as long as 20 seconds
though it's actually not a problem with your ear dull headache starting in the temples damage from chewing on the inside of your cheek sleep disruption when to see a doctor see your dentist or doctor if you have any of the symptoms listed above or have other concerns about your teeth or jaw. if you notice that your child is grinding his or her teeth — or has other signs or symptoms of bruxism — be sure to mention it at your child's next dental appointment.
though many people don't experience them until adulthood. cvid if you have cvid
though most people have some. these signs and symptoms can include: a strong
though sometimes it can take two weeks or longer for symptoms to appear. symptoms can range from mild to severe and may worsen or improve over time. mild to moderate ohss with mild to moderate ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
though sometimes skin covers the sac
though sometimes the urine appears normal and blood is detected on a lab test frequent urination painful urination back pain
though sometimes there is no pain
though they do recur. skin. some people develop acnelike sores on their bodies. others develop red
though they may be difficult to see on brown and black skin. the bump may bleed and scab over. a brown
though they may itch or feel tender. common warts. common warts appear as rough
thoughts and behaviors. examples of signs and symptoms include: feeling sad or down confused thinking or reduced ability to concentrate excessive fears or worries
thoughts and self from a distance as though watching a movie (depersonalization). other people and things around you may feel detached and foggy or dreamlike
throat
throat irritation
throat or ears if the cancer is in the urinary or reproductive system
throat or lungs. the condition often worsens rapidly
throbbing
throbbing or burning pain extreme sensitivity to touch pain during activities that shouldn't cause pain
throbbing pain pain that increases with activity and decreases with rest swelling bruising tenderness deformity difficulty in walking or bearing weight
throbbing pain swelling bruising tenderness deformity difficulty or pain with walking or bearing weight
throbbing sensation cause moderate to severe pain and they cause at least one of the following: nausea
throbbing toothache that can spread to your jawbone
throughout the day and night (up to 60 times a day) pain or discomfort while the bladder fills and relief after urinating pain during sex symptoms severity is different for everyone
throughout the menopausal transition
throughout the night
thunderclap headaches are dramatic. symptoms include pain that: strikes suddenly and severely peaks within 60 seconds can be accompanied by nausea or vomiting thunderclap headaches might be accompanied by other signs and symptoms
thymus
tics can: vary in type
tics — sudden
tight chest or difficulty breathing feeling nauseated
tightness or burning pain spreading from the chest to the shoulders
time may be slowed down or sped up
timid and isolated
tinea versicolor signs and symptoms include: patches of skin discoloration
tingling
tingling and numbness if it occurs in an arm or leg
tingling and numbness in an arm or leg. leg. as the bones weaken
tingling or muscle weakness in the leg or foot. one part of the leg can be in pain
tingling or numbness weakness or loss of function in the affected area dizziness or loss of balance causes the cause of benign peripheral nerve tumors usually isn't known. some are passed down in families. the most common type of benign peripheral nerve tumor is a schwannoma. a schwannoma typically starts in a single bundle inside the main nerve
tingling or sudden pain in the legs weakness on one or both sides of the body as the condition gets worse
tinnitus can also cause other types of phantom noises in your ears
tinnitus can occur as a rhythmic pulsing or whooshing sound
tinnitus is most often described as a ringing in the ears
tired
tired or excited occur during sleep change over time worsen in the early teenage years and improve during the transition into adulthood before the onset of motor or vocal tics
tissue in the heart muscle dies due to lack of blood flow through the heart's arteries. a heart attack occurs when an artery supplying the heart with blood and oxygen becomes blocked. fatty deposits build up over time
tissue in the heart muscle dies due to lack of blood flow through the heart's arteries. angina symptoms include chest pain and discomfort. the chest pain or discomfort may feel like: burning fullness pressure squeezing pain may also be felt in the arms
tissue in the heart muscle dies due to lack of blood flow through the heart's arteries. close close close heart attack heart attack a heart attack occurs when an artery supplying the heart with blood and oxygen becomes blocked. fatty deposits build up over time
tissue in the heart muscle dies due to lack of blood flow through the heart's arteries. close heart attack heart attack a heart attack occurs when an artery supplying the heart with blood and oxygen becomes blocked. fatty deposits build up over time
tissue in the heart muscle dies due to lack of blood flow through the heart's arteries. heart attack a heart attack occurs when an artery supplying the heart with blood and oxygen becomes blocked. fatty deposits build up over time
tissue in the heart muscle dies due to lack of blood flow through the heart's arteries. heart attack open pop-up dialog box heart attack open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close heart attack heart attack a heart attack occurs when an artery supplying the heart with blood and oxygen becomes blocked. fatty deposits build up over time
to control the rash.
to get rid of the calories. if you have bulimia
to improve performance at work or school
to make eye contact and to communicate in other ways. they may become disinterested in other people
to mimic diseases. they may also interfere with wound healing
to receive a diagnosis of kawasaki disease
toes
toes and lips muscle aches or cramps in the legs
toes and nose pneumonic plague pneumonic plague affects the lungs. it's the least common variety of plague but the most dangerous
toes or fingers might become so swollen that they look like sausages. skin problems. reactive arthritis can affect skin in a variety of ways
tongue
tongue and inside surfaces of the mouth iron deficiency anemia shortness of breath headaches seizures
tongue and jaw slowed movement tripping
tongue and throat
tongue and throat or other parts of the body wheezing
tongue or cheek as hypoglycemia worsens
tongue or cheek nighttime signs and symptoms if diabetic hypoglycemia occurs when you're sleeping
tongue or fingernails (cyanosis) rapid breathing swelling in the legs
tongue or lips. the disease can be present with the appearance of a single chancre (shown here on a penis) or many. close close close primary syphilis primary syphilis primary syphilis causes painless sores (chancres) on the genitals
tongue or lips. the disease can be present with the appearance of a single chancre (shown here on a penis) or many. close primary syphilis primary syphilis primary syphilis causes painless sores (chancres) on the genitals
tongue or lips. the disease can be present with the appearance of a single chancre (shown here on a penis) or many. primary syphilis causes painless sores (chancres) on the genitals
tongue or lips. the disease can be present with the appearance of a single chancre (shown here on a penis) or many. primary syphilis open pop-up dialog box primary syphilis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close primary syphilis primary syphilis primary syphilis causes painless sores (chancres) on the genitals
tongue or lips. the disease can be present with the appearance of a single chancre (shown here on a penis) or many. primary syphilis primary syphilis causes painless sores (chancres) on the genitals
tongue or lips. the disease can be present with the appearance of a single chancre (shown here on a penis) or many. syphilis develops in stages
tongue or throat coughing or shortness of breath vomiting signs and symptoms that may take more time to develop include: loose stools or diarrhea
tonsillitis most commonly affects children between preschool ages and the midteenage years. common signs and symptoms of tonsillitis include: red
too
too little aldosterone
too much buildup can lead to a blockage
too short (less than 21 days)
too slowly or irregularly. heart arrhythmia symptoms can include: chest pain or discomfort dizziness fainting (syncope) or near fainting fluttering in the chest lightheadedness racing heartbeat (tachycardia) shortness of breath slow heartbeat (bradycardia) heart disease symptoms caused by congenital heart defects serious congenital heart defects usually are noticed soon after birth. congenital heart defect symptoms in children could include: pale gray or blue skin or lips (cyanosis) swelling in the legs
too.
too. high blood pressure can thicken your arteries
too. i've also been scratching a lot
too. polycystic ovaries. your ovaries might be bigger. many follicles containing immature eggs may develop around the edge of the ovary. the ovaries might not work the way they should. pcos signs and symptoms are typically more severe in people with obesity.
too. staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome. toxins produced by the staph bacteria may cause staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome. affecting mostly babies and children
too. they may feel sad
tops of feet
torso
torso or a limb. moles can develop anywhere on your body
touch and movement
toxic epidermal necrolysis signs and symptoms include: widespread skin pain a spreading rash covering more than 30% of the body blisters and large areas of peeling skin sores
toxic look (typhos)
toxoplasmosis and malaria. certain cancers. some cancers of the blood
toxoplasmosis can cause severe lung or brain disease for a person with weakened immunity. rarely
toys
toys and their surroundings. some children have rapid changes
translucent border. a flat
translucent skin that bruises very easily. in fair-skinned people
tranylcypromine (parnate) and isocarboxazid (marplan) stimulants
traumatic brain injury can have wide-ranging physical and psychological effects. some signs or symptoms may appear immediately after the traumatic event
traveler's diarrhea may begin abruptly during your trip or shortly after you return home. most people improve within 1 to 2 days without treatment and recover completely within a week. however
treat or manage this condition. explore mayo clinic studies by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff sleep disorders care at mayo clinic
treat or manage this condition. explore mayo clinic studies by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff suspicious breast lumps care at mayo clinic
treatment could involve drugs like aspirin
trembling or having a shaky voice avoidance of doing things or speaking to people out of fear of embarrassment avoidance of situations where you might be the center of attention anxiety in anticipation of a feared activity or event intense fear or anxiety during social situations analysis of your performance and identification of flaws in your interactions after a social situation expectation of the worst possible consequences from a negative experience during a social situation for children
tremor or a shuffling walk can occur. this can lead to falling. poor regulation of body functions (autonomic nervous system). blood pressure
tremors and weakness (atrophy) decreased ability to move the affected body part symptoms may change over time and vary from person to person. pain
tremors or sweating alone or in combination. symptoms can last 1 to 3 days. recluse spider bites signs and symptoms of a recluse spider bite can include: increasing pain over the first eight hours after the bite fever
tremors or sweating. you might experience nausea
trichinella cysts open pop-up dialog box close trichinella cysts trichinella cysts after you eat roundworm (trichinella) larvae
trichomoniasis rarely causes symptoms. when men do have signs and symptoms
trichomoniasis signs and symptoms include: a large amount of a thin
tricuspid atresia symptoms are usually seen soon after birth. symptoms of tricuspid atresia may include: blue or gray skin and lips due to low blood oxygen levels difficulty breathing tiring easily
tricuspid valve regurgitation often doesn't cause signs or symptoms until the condition is severe. the condition may be discovered when tests are done for other reasons. signs and symptoms of tricuspid valve regurgitation may include: fatigue irregular heart rhythms (arrhythmias) pulsing in the neck shortness of breath with activity swelling in the belly area (abdomen)
triggered by airborne substances
triggered by workplace irritants such as chemical fumes
trouble breathing
trunk
trunk and limbs are all small
tunnels might form under the skin
tweeze or wax small bumps that look like blisters or are filled with pus small bumps that are darker than surrounding skin (hyperpigmentation) burning or stinging itching hair in the shape of a loop because the tip of the hair curves and grows into the skin
twisted veins (varicose veins)
twisting
twisting his or her body
twitches
twitching and shaking. they sometimes cause loss of bladder control or biting your tongue.
two or more nerves in different areas (multiple mononeuropathy)
two-dimensional or artificial
type 1 (men 1) by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff adrenal cancer care at mayo clinic
type 1 (men 1) care at mayo clinic
type 1 diabetes symptoms can appear suddenly and may include: feeling more thirsty than usual urinating a lot bed-wetting in children who have never wet the bed during the night feeling very hungry losing weight without trying feeling irritable or having other mood changes feeling tired and weak having blurry vision
type 2 (men 2)
type 2 diabetes in children may develop so gradually that there are no noticeable symptoms. sometimes
type 2b (men 2b) multiple endocrine neoplasia
type 2b (men 2b) open pop-up dialog box close multiple endocrine neoplasia
type 2b (men 2b) open pop-up dialog box multiple endocrine neoplasia
type 2b (men 2b) open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close multiple endocrine neoplasia
type 2b (men 2b) people with men 2b have tumors of nerves in the lips
types of personality disorders are grouped into three clusters
typical agoraphobia symptoms include fear of: leaving home alone. crowds or waiting in line. enclosed spaces
typically
typically appear on the legs and feet. close close close spider veins spider veins spider veins appear as thin
typically appear on the legs and feet. close spider veins spider veins spider veins appear as thin
typically appear on the legs and feet. spider veins appear as thin
typically appear on the legs and feet. spider veins open pop-up dialog box spider veins open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close spider veins spider veins spider veins appear as thin
typically appear on the legs and feet. spider veins spider veins appear as thin
typically appear on the legs and feet. varicose veins might not cause pain. signs of varicose veins include: veins that are dark purple or blue veins that appear twisted and bulging
typically felt as tingling in one hand or on one side of your face that may spread slowly along a limb speech or language difficulty muscle weakness
typically from your scalp
typically in both eyes. in people with behcet's disease
typically in girls
typically it's diagnosed in the teenage years or early 20s. symptoms can vary from person to person
typically occur in children. they're characterized by staring into space with or without subtle body movements such as eye blinking or lip smacking and only last between 5-10 seconds. these seizures may occur in clusters
typically on brown or black skin dry
typically on the arms and legs and sometimes on the body
typically on the buttocks
typically on the face
typically on the left side of the body (angina pectoris). other signs and symptoms — which might be experienced more commonly by women
typically on white skin bumps and blisters
typically within 10 minutes of eating abdominal pain or pressure relieved by regurgitation a feeling of fullness bad breath nausea unintentional weight loss rumination syndrome isn't usually associated with retching.
typing or driving. you might continue to perform that task while asleep. when you awaken
ulcerative colitis symptoms can vary
ulcers
ulcers and skin lesions that are more serious than the rash that sometimes occurs with initial infection painful lesions in the skull
ulcers may cause severe signs or symptoms such as: vomiting or vomiting blood — which may appear red or black dark blood in stools
ulcers on tongue
under stress or interacting with people. your eyes might feel dry
under your nails
underarm and groin areas.
underarms or face causes at least one episode a week when you're awake. and the sweating usually happens on both sides of the body.
understand and learn. seizures. most people who have rett syndrome experience seizures at some time during their lives. multiple seizure types may occur and are associated with changes on an electroencephalogram (eeg). sideways curvature of the spine (scoliosis). scoliosis is common with rett syndrome. it typically begins between 8 and 11 years of age and progresses with age. surgery may be required if the curvature is severe. irregular heartbeat. this is a life-threatening problem for many children and adults with rett syndrome and can result in sudden death. sleep disturbances. problems with sleep patterns can include irregular sleep times
understanding or math behavioral problems
undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma symptoms depend on where the cancer occurs. it most often happens in the arms and legs
unexpected frequent urination and nighttime urination can disrupt your life.
unexplained fatigue weakness weight loss skin rashes or bumps
unexplained fevers or night sweats unexplained bleeding or bruising
unexplained irritability bleeding into the brain a simple bump on the head can cause bleeding into the brain for some people who have severe hemophilia. this rarely happens
unexplained muscle or joint pain persistent
unlike most pumps
unpleasant sensations in the legs or feet. they usually happen on both sides of the body. less commonly
unsafe sex
unsanitary levels. distress or problems functioning or keeping yourself
unstable moods
unsteadiness
untreated infection. neurosyphilis at any stage
untreated vesicoureteral reflux can lead to: bed-wetting constipation or loss of control over bowel movements high blood pressure protein in urine another indication of vesicoureteral reflux
unusual behavior or both
unwanted distressing memories of the traumatic event reliving the traumatic event as if it were happening again (flashbacks) upsetting dreams or nightmares about the traumatic event severe emotional distress or physical reactions to something that reminds you of the traumatic event avoidance avoidance symptoms of avoidance may include: trying to avoid thinking or talking about the traumatic event avoiding places
up to the mid-30s. schizophrenia is considered early onset when it starts before the age of 18. onset of schizophrenia in children younger than age 13 is extremely rare. symptoms can vary in type and severity over time
upper abdomen
upper arms
upper arms and breasts may also be affected. symptoms may include: smooth discolored skin patches blotchy
upper arms and neck. the weakness affects both the left and right sides of your body
upper back and shoulders.
upper back or arms tingling or numbness in the arms fatigue dizziness some people also have: blurred vision ringing in the ears (tinnitus) sleep disturbances irritability difficulty concentrating memory problems depression
upper belly area or back pain
upper thighs and pubic area.
upturned nose
urgent need to urinate frequent urination
urinary incontinence
urinary tract and vagina. mucosal melanomas are especially difficult to detect because they can easily be mistaken for other far more common conditions. melanoma in the eye. eye melanoma
urinary tract infections commonly occur in people with vesicoureteral reflux. a urinary tract infection (uti) doesn't always cause noticeable signs and symptoms
urinary tract or vagina. mucosal melanoma develops in the mucous membrane that lines the nose
urinating more often than usual or urinating in small amounts nausea and vomiting fever and chills if an infection is present pain caused by a kidney stone may change — for instance
use birth control until you've had no periods for 12 months. changes in sexual function. during perimenopause
users may develop brain damage or sudden death. signs and symptoms of use can include: possessing an inhalant substance without a reasonable explanation brief happy excitement behaving as if drunk reduced ability to keep impulses under control aggressive behavior or eagerness to fight dizziness nausea or vomiting involuntary eye movements appearing under the influence of drugs
using aliases
using any amount of tobacco can quickly lead to nicotine dependence. signs that you may be addicted include: you can't stop smoking. you've made one or more serious
using hormone therapy or menstruation. injuries and infections. a severe injury to your breast tissue or nearby nerves can create a breast lump. doctors describe this condition as fat necrosis. a collection of infected fluid (abscess) in breast tissue also can cause a breast lump
using laxatives or diet aids
using laxatives or exercising excessively. you may try to diet or eat normal meals. but restricting your diet may simply lead to more binge eating. the severity of binge-eating disorder is determined by how often episodes of bingeing occur during a week.
using recreational drugs or alcohol
using the drug or recovering from the effects of the drug failing in your attempts to stop using the drug experiencing withdrawal symptoms when you attempt to stop taking the drug recognizing unhealthy drug use in family members sometimes it's difficult to distinguish normal teenage moodiness or anxiety from signs of drug use. possible signs that your teenager or other family member is using drugs include: problems at school or work — frequently missing school or work
usually
usually a small trembling in the hands and fingers. sweating. changes in menstrual cycles. increased sensitivity to heat. changes in bowel patterns
usually after eating
usually as a result of an infection of the valve. as aortic valve regurgitation worsens
usually at least once a week for at least three months.
usually at the base of the toes or on the ball or heel on brown and black skin
usually because of anemia pain or fullness below your ribs on the left side
usually beginning between 2 and 3 years of age stiff or jerky movements small head size
usually begins in a limb
usually behind the breastbone or on the left side of the chest chest fullness lightheadedness or feeling faint swelling in the abdomen or legs
usually between ages 2 and 4
usually between your kneecap and where the tendon attaches to your shinbone (tibia). initially
usually don't have enough pigment. this allows light to shine through the irises and makes the eyes extremely sensitive to bright light. because of this
usually during or after an upper respiratory or other infection and sometimes after strenuous exercise foamy urine from protein leaking into your urine (proteinuria) pain in the one or both sides of your back below your ribs swelling (edema) in your hands and feet high blood pressure
usually eight or more times in 24 hours wake up more than two times in the night to urinate (nocturia) even if you are able to get to the toilet in time when you sense an urge to urinate
usually every 15 to 20 minutes at first. these painful episodes last longer and happen more often as time passes. other symptoms of intussusception include: stool mixed with blood and mucus — sometimes referred to as currant jelly stool because of its appearance. vomiting. a lump in the belly. weakness or lack of energy. diarrhea. not everyone has all of the symptoms. some infants have no obvious pain. some children don't pass blood or have a lump in the belly. and some older children have pain but no other symptoms. adults intussusception is rare in adults. also
usually from iron deficiency loss of bone density (osteoporosis) or softening of bone (osteomalacia) itchy
usually gradually worsening over months to years — although in rare cases sudden — and occurring on only one side or more severe on one side ringing (tinnitus) in the affected ear unsteadiness or loss of balance dizziness (vertigo) facial numbness and weakness or loss of muscle movement in rare cases
usually in areas where you have more sweat and oil glands or where the skin rubs together
usually in or with stool with occult bleeding
usually in people without a headache history. they become constant within three days of your first headache. they: often affect both sides of your head cause pain that feels like pressing or tightening
usually in the 50s or 60s. there are two types of msa: parkinsonian and cerebellar. the type depends on the symptoms you have when you're diagnosed. msa parkinsonian type this is the most common type of msa. the signs and symptoms are similar to those of parkinson's disease
usually in the arm
usually in the armpits and neck.
usually in the back of the lower leg clammy or discolored skin
usually in the knees
usually in your temple area scalp tenderness jaw pain when you chew or open your mouth wide fever fatigue unintended weight loss vision loss or double vision
usually isn't associated with nausea or vomiting or aggravated by noise or bright light — all common features of migraines. sinusitis usually: occurs after a viral upper respiratory infection or cold includes thick
usually lasting for a few minutes to hours. sometimes symptoms occur for as long as a week and episodes can happen repeatedly. symptoms might go away on their own. some people with occasional a-fib need treatment. persistent. with this type of atrial fibrillation
usually less than 1 inch (2.5 centimeters) in diameter flat to slightly raised patch or bump on the top layer of skin in some cases
usually of the same question — for example
usually on one side
usually on the back
usually on the lower legs bleeding from the gums or nose blood in urine or stools unusually heavy menstrual flow
usually on the lower legs prolonged bleeding from cuts bleeding from your gums or nose blood in urine or stools unusually heavy menstrual flows fatigue enlarged spleen
usually on the sides of your tongue. it's often mistaken for oral thrush
usually on the surface of the legs. deeper malformed veins in the arms
usually over the course of several months to a few years
usually over years. clusters of symptom types tend to occur together
usually overeating or developing a preference for sweets and carbohydrates eating inedible objects compulsively wanting to put things in the mouth speech and language problems some subtypes of frontotemporal dementia lead to language problems or impairment or loss of speech. primary progressive aphasia
usually painless sore with a black center. a skin-related (cutaneous) anthrax infection enters your body through your skin
usually painless sore with a black center. close close close cutaneous anthrax cutaneous anthrax you can contract anthrax when spores penetrate your skin
usually painless sore with a black center. close cutaneous anthrax cutaneous anthrax you can contract anthrax when spores penetrate your skin
usually painless sore with a black center. cutaneous anthrax open pop-up dialog box cutaneous anthrax open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close cutaneous anthrax cutaneous anthrax you can contract anthrax when spores penetrate your skin
usually painless sore with a black center. cutaneous anthrax you can contract anthrax when spores penetrate your skin
usually painless sore with a black center. you can contract anthrax when spores penetrate your skin
usually reaching their worst within a few years after the onset of the disease. although myasthenia gravis can affect any of the muscles that you control voluntarily
usually related to cancer or a weakened immune system from hiv/aids
usually starting by your mid-teens. the polyps are nearly 100 percent certain to develop into colon cancer or rectal cancer by the time you're in your 40s. causes familial adenomatous polyposis is caused by a defect in a gene that's usually inherited from a parent. but some people develop the abnormal gene that causes the condition. risk factors your risk of familial adenomatous polyposis is higher if you have a parent
usually the hands
usually those with the least severe problems
usually through a cut or other sore. it's by far the most common route of the disease. it's also the mildest. with appropriate treatment
usually through an open wound. the infection begins as a raised
usually under the ribs on the right side nausea and vomiting shortness of breath decreased urination
usually under the ribs on the right side nausea or vomiting weight gain and swelling (edema) are typical during healthy pregnancies. however
usually within a few days of infection. symptoms of cholera infection can include: diarrhea. cholera-related diarrhea comes on suddenly and can quickly cause dangerous fluid loss — as much as a quart (about 1 liter) an hour. diarrhea due to cholera often has a pale
usually within hours of eating a contaminated food. symptoms usually disappear quickly
usually without pain
usually young children
uterus
uterus or rectum.
uveitis can lead to vision loss.
vagina
vagina or anus signs and symptoms of less common skin cancers other
vagina or rectum. also make an appointment with your doctor if your partner has been diagnosed with gonorrhea. you may not experience signs or symptoms that prompt you to seek medical attention. but without treatment
vaginal agenesis often goes unnoticed until females reach their teens
vaginal cancer may cause signs and symptoms such as: unusual vaginal bleeding
vaginitis signs and symptoms can include: change in color
valley fever is the initial form of coccidioidomycosis infection. this initial
vegetables and whole grains contain vitamins
vegetables and whole grains. fruits
velvety skin in body folds and creases. it often appears in the armpits
ventricular septal defect or patent ductus arteriosus — may allow some oxygen-rich blood to travel through the body. but as the baby becomes more active
vertebral tumors can cause different signs and symptoms
vertigo
very high platelet levels may cause bleeding. this can cause: nosebleeds. bruising. bleeding from your mouth or gums. bloody stool.
very light-colored eyes may appear red in some lighting. vision vision problems are a key feature of all types of albinism. eye problems may include: rapid
very painful lumps that ulcerate creating open sores with black-brown crust that fails to heal — typically in skin areas with high fat content
vestibulodynia
vibration or touch
violent or threatening to others. feeling no guilt about harming others. doing dangerous things with no regard for the safety of self or others. being irresponsible and failing to fulfill work or financial responsibilities. adults with antisocial personality disorder usually show symptoms of conduct disorder before the age of 15. symptoms of conduct disorder include serious
vision and hearing. parietal lobe brain tumors can cause problems related to the senses. examples include vision problems and hearing problems. brain tumors in the back of the brain. the occipital lobes are in the back of the brain. they control vision. occipital lobe brain tumors can cause vision loss. brain tumors in the lower part of the brain. the temporal lobes are on the sides of the brain. they process memories and senses. temporal lobe brain tumors can cause memory problems. they might cause someone to see
visual disturbances
visual-spatial problems and memory loss. sleep difficulties. you might have rapid eye movement (rem) sleep behavior disorder
vitamin deficiency anemia usually develops slowly over several months to years. signs and symptoms may be subtle at first but usually increase as the deficiency worsens. these may include: fatigue shortness of breath dizziness pale or yellowish skin irregular heartbeats weight loss numbness or tingling in the hands and feet muscle weakness personality changes unsteady movements mental confusion or forgetfulness
vitiligo signs include: patchy loss of skin color
vocal cords open and closed open pop-up dialog box close vocal cords open and closed vocal cords open and closed vocal cords open when you breathe and then close to produce sound when vibrating together. vocal cords open and closed open pop-up dialog box vocal cords open and closed open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close vocal cords open and closed vocal cords open and closed vocal cords open when you breathe and then close to produce sound when vibrating together. close vocal cords open and closed vocal cords open and closed vocal cords open when you breathe and then close to produce sound when vibrating together. close vocal cords open and closed vocal cords open and closed vocal cords open when you breathe and then close to produce sound when vibrating together. close close close vocal cords open and closed vocal cords open and closed vocal cords open when you breathe and then close to produce sound when vibrating together. vocal cords open and closed vocal cords open when you breathe and then close to produce sound when vibrating together. vocal cords open when you breathe and then close to produce sound when vibrating together. your vocal cords are two flexible bands of muscle tissue that sit at the entrance to the windpipe (trachea). when you speak
vomiting
vomiting and bloody stools. these symptoms sometimes occur before the rash appears. kidney involvement. henoch-schonlein purpura can also affect the kidneys. in most cases
vomiting and constipation. bones and muscles. in most cases
vomiting and diarrhea
vomiting and diarrhea confusion or other mental changes although legionnaires' disease primarily affects the lungs
vomiting and inability to pass stool due to intestinal blockage (bowel obstruction) rectal bleeding rectal pain redness or a feeling of warmth in your face and neck (skin flushing)
vomiting and stomach cramps paralysis wound botulism symptoms of wound botulism appear about 10 days after the toxin enters your body. wound botulism symptoms include: trouble swallowing or speaking facial weakness on both sides of the face blurred or double vision drooping eyelids trouble breathing paralysis the area around the wound may not always appear swollen and show a change of color. infant botulism problems generally begin 18 to 36 hours after the toxin enters the baby's body. symptoms include: constipation
vomiting and stomach cramps. symptoms occur because of irritation of the intestines from radiation therapy for cancer. symptoms usually go away several weeks after treatment ends. but sometimes they last longer. radiation enteritis that goes on for longer can cause anemia and bowel obstruction. risk factors the risk of radiation enteritis is higher in people undergoing radiation treatments for cancers in the belly and the pelvis. radiation enteritis occurs because radiation therapy can cause irritation of the intestines. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff radiation enteritis care at mayo clinic
vomiting blood and having black stools. stomach cancer that spreads to other parts of the body is called metastatic stomach cancer. it causes symptoms specific to where it spreads. for example
vomiting or both fever sudden pain that quickly intensifies a hernia bulge that turns red
vomiting or both sensitivity to light and sound chronic tension-type headache these headaches tend to: affect both sides of your head cause mild to moderate pain cause pain that feels pressing or tightening
vomiting or diarrhea dizziness
vomiting or diarrhea dizziness or fainting
vomiting or diarrhea dizziness or fainting loss of consciousness people who have a severe allergic reaction to a bee sting have a 25% to 65% chance of anaphylaxis the next time they're stung. talk to your doctor or an allergy specialist about prevention measures such as immunotherapy ("allergy shots") to avoid a similar reaction in case you get stung again. multiple bee stings generally
vomiting or diarrhea headache a feeling of spinning (vertigo) convulsions fever dizziness or fainting multiple stings can be a medical emergency in children
vomiting or diarrhea shortness of breath newborns and infants may not show any sign of the infection. or they may vomit
vomiting or dizziness vision loss brief episodes of blindness
vomiting or loss of appetite
vomiting or stomach pain poor or decreased sleep increased sensitivity to light and sound dizziness or a sense of the room spinning shakiness decreased ability to concentrate mood disturbances
vomiting stomach cramps bloating gas
von hippel-lindau disease
vsd symptoms in a baby may include: vsd poor eating slow or no physical growth (failure to thrive) fast breathing or breathlessness easy tiring whooshing sound when listening to the heart with a stethoscope (heart murmur) symptoms of a ventricular septal defect in adults may include: shortness of breath
vulva open pop-up dialog box close vulva vulva the vulva is the outer part of the female genitalia
waldenstrom macroglobulinemia
waldenstrom macroglobulinemia and chronic lymphocytic leukemia
walk or make other jarring movements nausea and vomiting loss of appetite low-grade fever that may worsen as the illness progresses constipation or diarrhea abdominal bloating flatulence the site of your pain may vary
walking
warm
warm and red. limited range of motion. as gout progresses
warmth or redness in the area of the infection pain in the area of the infection lesions with pus or drainage bone or joint infection fever chills swelling
warmth or redness over the area of the infection pain in the area of the infection stiffness or inability to use a limb or joint
warning signs of bedsores or pressure ulcers are: unusual changes in skin color or texture swelling pus-like draining an area of skin that feels cooler or warmer to the touch than other areas tender areas bedsores fall into one of several stages based on their depth
wartlike bumps or an open sore (ulcer)
wartlike surface color variations
watch our other related videos or visit mayoclinic.org. we wish you well. heart disease symptoms caused by irregular heartbeats (heart arrhythmias) the heart may beat too quickly
watch our other related videos or visit mayoclinic.org. we wish you well. show transcript for video what is coronary artery disease? a mayo clinic cardiologist explains. show transcript for video what is coronary artery disease? a mayo clinic cardiologist explains. {music playing} stephen kopecky
watch our other related videos or visit mayoclinic.org. we wish you well. {music playing} {music playing} stephen kopecky
watching tv
water-drop-shaped spots on the trunk
watering from eyes
watery discharge; no fever immediately after exposure to allergens as long as you're exposed to allergens common cold runny nose with watery or thick yellow discharge; body aches; low-grade fever 1 to 3 days after exposure to a cold virus 3 to 7 days
watery eyes
watery eyes anaphylaxis anaphylaxis anaphylaxis is a rare
watery eyes anaphylaxis anaphylaxis is a rare
watery eyes and my sinuses are tight. i have trouble breathing and i'm tired. my lymph nodes are swollen and i have a lot of throat mucous.
watery eyes fever cough after a week or two
watery eyes scratchy throat difficulty breathing wheezing cough life-threatening symptoms: anaphylaxis the most serious allergic reaction to latex is anaphylaxis
watery nasal discharge. these are due to involvement of the autonomic nervous system in a migraine attack. in fact
watery stools and i have to go to the bathroom a lot. i also feel nauseated and have lost my appetite. i have a mild fever too.
watery stools many times a day. i have lost my appetite and am always sick. i am also developing a mild fever. my abdominal part pains a lot. i don't know what the reason behind all of these is.
watery stools) may include: abdominal cramps or pain bloating nausea vomiting fever blood in the stool mucus in the stool urgent need to have a bowel movement
wavy tunnels made up of tiny blisters or bumps on the skin scabies is often found in the skin folds. but scabies can appear on many parts of the body. in adults and older children
waxy
waxy white
we may combine your email and website usage information with other information we have about you. if you are a mayo clinic patient
we will treat all of that information as protected health information and will only use or disclose that information as set forth in our notice of privacy practices. you may opt-out of email communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail. subscribe! thank you for subscribing! distinctive facial features
we will treat all of that information as protected health information and will only use or disclose that information as set forth in our notice of privacy practices. you may opt-out of email communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail. subscribe! thank you for subscribing! you'll soon start receiving the latest mayo clinic health information you requested in your inbox. distinctive facial features
we'll cover the basics of coronary artery disease. what is it? who gets it? the symptoms
we're here to give you the best information available. coronary artery disease
we're here to give you the best information available. stephen kopecky
weak or short of breath
weak pulse dilated pupils recovery after a vasovagal episode generally begins in less than a minute. however
weak pulse nausea and vomiting
weakness also seen
weakness and diarrhea may last for months or years.
weakness and muscle spasms (spasticity) in your legs
weakness in limbs
weakness in my arms and legs
weakness of one body side
weakness or coldness in the legs or arms if the blood vessels in those body areas are narrowed you might not be diagnosed with coronary artery disease until you have a heart attack
weakness or general feeling of being unwell dizziness muscle
weakness or paralysis in the face
weakness or paralysis red or brown urine mental changes
weakness or tingling near the injury
weeks
weeks or even longer. common symptoms after a concussive traumatic brain injury are headache
weeks or even months at a time. in some people
weeks or months before blisters form large blisters that don't easily rupture when touched
weeks or months of a child's life. symptoms of a ventricular septal defect (vsd) depend on the size of the hole and if there are any other heart problems. a small vsd may never cause symptoms. vsd in general
weight gain
weight loss
weight loss is common in people with huntington's disease
weight loss or gain
wet macular degeneration symptoms usually appear suddenly and worsen quickly. they may include: visual distortions
wetsuits or waders. your sensitivity to swimmer's itch can increase each time you're exposed to the parasites that cause it.
what caused them
what do i do?
what starts as a temporal lobe seizure evolves into a generalized tonic-clonic (grand mal) seizure — featuring convulsions and loss of consciousness.
wheat allergy may cause a life-threatening reaction called anaphylaxis. in addition to other signs and symptoms of wheat allergy
wheezing
wheezing or shortness of breath anaphylaxis a drug allergy can cause: a drug allergy hives itchy skin rash facial swelling wheezing anaphylaxis atopic dermatitis
when an impacted wisdom tooth becomes infected
when cancer spreads to the lymph nodes it might cause lumps you can feel through the skin. cancer that spreads to the liver might cause yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes. if cancer spreads within the belly
when dysarthria is caused by damage to certain areas of the brain that affect coordination
when gangrene affects the skin
when houses are closed up spores from indoor and outdoor fungi and molds
when the heart beats too fast
when they no longer lose iron with menstruation and pregnancy.
when you have no symptoms. the latent stage can last for years. signs and symptoms may never return
when you laugh
when you stand up from sitting or lying down. not everyone with msa has postural hypotension. msa you can also develop dangerously high blood pressure levels while lying down (supine hypertension). urinary and bowel dysfunction constipation loss of bladder or bowel control (incontinence) changes in sweat production producing less sweat heat intolerance due to reduced sweating impaired body temperature control
where a wart has grown inward black pinpoints
where it blocks blood flow. this can be a life-threatening situation. signs and symptoms may include: sudden shortness of breath chest pain when breathing in a cough that produces bloody or blood-streaked sputum rapid heartbeat
where skin cancer develops basal cell carcinoma on white skin open pop-up dialog box close basal cell carcinoma on white skin basal cell carcinoma on white skin basal cell carcinoma is a type of skin cancer that most often develops on areas of skin exposed to the sun
where the rash has a pink
where they are on your body and the type of skin you have. common variations include: indented streaks or lines on the abdomen
where they grow into adult worms and mate. digestive symptoms can begin 1 to 2 days after infection. at this stage
where they're frequently mistaken for other eyelid problems.
where you cough them up and then swallow them. in the intestines the larvae mature into adult worms in the small intestine
whereas others experience signs and symptoms that may include: fatigue abdominal discomfort yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes (jaundice) an enlarged liver abnormal blood vessels on the skin (spider angiomas) skin rashes joint pains loss of menstrual periods
which a health care provider might detect while listening to the heart sensation of fast
which affect children and teenagers as well as adults
which affects the amount of oxygen that moves from the lungs into the bloodstream. what causes this abnormality remains unclear
which affects the tissue that surrounds the lungs
which affects tissue surrounding the testicles
which affects tissue that surrounds the heart
which also increases the risk of heart disease.
which appear quickly and can be severe. symptoms may last days to weeks and usually improve slowly after the attack. acute intermittent porphyria is the common form of acute porphyria. signs and symptoms of acute porphyria may include: severe abdominal pain pain in your chest
which are also controlled by the median nerve.
which are common in children and fade with no sun exposure
which are more likely to show precancerous changes hairy leukoplakia hairy leukoplakia causes fuzzy
which are papules with pus at their tips large
which are present year-round dander from pets
which are small
which are small clotted blood vessels commonly called wart seeds a cluster of growths on the sole of the foot (mosaic warts) a growth that interrupts the normal lines and ridges in the skin of your foot pain or tenderness when walking or standing
which are sometimes outlined by simple geometric designs zigzag lines that gradually float across your field of vision shimmering spots or stars changes in vision or vision loss flashes of light other disturbances other temporary disturbances sometimes associated with migraine aura include: numbness
which are sometimes pink. large freckle-like spots
which are specks that seem to swim in your vision. untreated eye disease can cause blindness. effect on people with weakened immune systems people with weakened immune systems are likely to have more-serious disease from toxoplasmosis. a toxoplasmosis infection from earlier in life may become active again. people at risk include those living with hiv/aids
which becomes firm
which becomes more obvious when you're upright
which becomes shortness of breath at rest not being able to exercise as much as you once could dry cough
which break out over several days small fluid-filled blisters (vesicles)
which can be anywhere on the gi tract
which can be both seasonal and year-round hay fever or common cold? symptoms can be similar
which can be bothersome year-round but might cause worse symptoms in winter
which can be characterized as: burning soreness stinging rawness painful intercourse (dyspareunia) throbbing itching your pain might be constant or occasional. it might occur only when the sensitive area is touched (provoked). you might feel the pain in your entire vulvar area (generalized)
which can be clear
which can be deadly. an anaphylactic (an-uh-fuh-lak-tik) reaction develops immediately after latex exposure in highly sensitive people. however
which can be intense numbness and tingling slight swelling warmth signs and symptoms related to widespread (systemic) venom effects usually occur in children who are stung and may include: difficulty breathing muscle twitching or thrashing unusual head
which can be itchy and painful
which can be mistaken for depression repetitive compulsive behavior
which can be mistaken for diarrhea constipation with dry
which can be profoundly distressing
which can be very painful. at that point
which can cause abnormal eye movements
which can cause easy bruising and nosebleeds. more rarely
which can cause elevated mood
which can cause fainting
which can cause fatigue
which can cause fever
which can cause light
which can cause nausea
which can cause portions of the bone to die. blood disorders. a decrease in healthy red blood cells (anemia) can result in severe fatigue. gaucher disease also affects the cells responsible for clotting
which can cause problems with night driving a need for frequent changes in eyeglass prescriptions sudden worsening or clouding of vision
which can cause significant impairment. although bipolar disorder can occur at any age
which can cause wheezing and trouble breathing a weak and rapid pulse nausea
which can cause you to physically act out your dreams while you're asleep. this might involve behavior such as punching
which can complicate the diagnosis.
which can decrease your vision in dim and bright light. seeing halos around lights. pain or grittiness from tiny blisters on the surface of your cornea.
which can include intense happiness
which can increase the pain.
which can last for several days
which can lead to bone pain
which can make it difficult to breathe cold urticaria symptoms begin soon after the skin is exposed to a sudden drop in air temperature or to cold water. damp and windy conditions may make a flare of symptoms more likely. each episode may persist for about two hours. the worst reactions generally occur with full skin exposure
which can make it hard to breathe deeply painful
which can make you feel tired and short of breath. pain. a large colon polyp can block part of your bowel
which can occur at any time. crying appears to be a more common sign of pba than laughing. the degree of the emotional response caused by pba is often striking
which can occur if your heart rate stays the same instead of adjusting to your activity level.
which can occur suddenly or happen over time bright red or maroon blood in your stool or
which can range from mild to more extensive: kts port-wine stain. this pink to reddish-purple birthmark is caused by extra tiny blood vessels (capillaries) in the top layer of skin. the birthmark often covers part of one leg but can involve any portion of the skin. it may get darker or lighter with age. vein malformations. these include swollen
which can result from bone and joint damage
which can result in scarring (fibrosis) in the lungs. signs and symptoms of chronic pneumonitis include: shortness of breath cough fatigue loss of appetite unintentional weight loss when to call a doctor call your doctor anytime you have difficulty breathing
which can spread into your abdomen
which can spread upward into your legs and arms sharp
which can vary from person to person
which can worsen the severity of covid-19 illness. rsv covid-19 covid-19 if you have symptoms of a respiratory illness
which can: impair speaking. your speech might sound soft or nasal
which cause different symptoms. semantic variant primary progressive aphasia signs and symptoms include: difficulty comprehending spoken or written language
which cause significant problems
which causes blurred vision. differences in the development of the thin layer of tissue on the inside back wall of the eye
which causes disproportionately short stature. this disorder usually results in the following: an average-size trunk short arms and legs
which causes pain while moving the joint or while putting weight on the joint. typically
which causes the ashy look that can affect dry brown and black skin slight to severe scaling or peeling cracked "dry riverbed" look to leg fine lines or cracks skin that ranges from reddish on white skin to grayish on brown and black skin deep cracks that may bleed
which causes the legs to twitch and kick
which causes wheezing and breathing problems. i also get headaches and fevers a lot. i'm always tired.
which controls emotions
which cover the broken blisters and take several more days to heal new bumps continue to appear for several days
which cuts off the blood flow to the tissue that's trapped. a strangulated hernia can be life-threatening if it isn't treated. signs and symptoms of a strangulated hernia include: nausea
which depend on the substance involved
which differ from child to child. hand movements may include hand-wringing
which differ from person to person
which eventually leads to the formation of blood clots in the arterioles. blood clots can cause fat tissues and skin to be deprived of oxygen and nourishment.
which feel like hard lumps
which first affect the digestive tract. the initial signs and symptoms of this form of hus may include: hus hus hus diarrhea
which form in about one day and then break and leak crusts and scabs
which frequently leaves marks on my body.
which generally occur within the limb rather than on the skin
which gets worse over time poor coordination trouble with balance stiffness abnormal postures of the hands or feet
which happens mostly in young children.
which has been accompanied with a rash that appears to be growing worse over time. there are also certain areas of skin that are different colours from the rest
which has occurred worldwide in children with covid-19. children with these symptoms will likely be checked for covid-19
which includes the nucleus
which interfere with school or daily activities. a child may have absence seizures for some time before an adult notices the seizures
which involves severe blistering and peeling of the skin inflammation in the kidneys (nephritis)
which is a blistering skin condition that affects older adults and may cause death.
which is a common sign of asthma in children trouble sleeping caused by shortness of breath
which is accompanied with mild fever and headache. i also feel very weak and tired.
which is also called the tumor grade. general signs and symptoms caused by brain tumors may include: headache or pressure in the head that is worse in the morning. headaches that happen more often and seem more severe. headaches that are sometimes described as tension headaches or migraines. nausea or vomiting. eye problems
which is also common in people with a weakened immune system. when to see a doctor even though leukoplakia doesn't usually cause discomfort
which is common in early spring grass pollen
which is common in fall dust mites and cockroach droppings
which is common in late spring and summer ragweed pollen
which is concerning.
which is essential for normal childhood growth. signs include: height below the third percentile on standard pediatric growth charts growth rate slower than expected for age delayed or no sexual development during the teen years
which is not typically found in the body
which is often bloody abdominal pain
which is often the first symptom floppy movements due to muscle weakness and trouble controlling the head weak cry irritability drooling drooping eyelids tiredness trouble sucking or feeding paralysis certain symptoms don't typically occur with botulism. for example
which is over your liver clay- or gray-colored stool loss of appetite low-grade fever dark urine joint pain yellowing of the skin and the whites of your eyes (jaundice) intense itching these symptoms may be relatively mild and go away in a few weeks. sometimes
which is part of the large intestine. signs and symptoms of crohn's disease can range from mild to severe. they usually develop gradually
which is really alarming. and my joints are sore every day
which is really annoying. i also get watery eyes and headaches when the puffing gets bad.
which is really annoying. i sometimes have headaches and runny eyes because of the puffiness.
which is really scary. my nails are also inflamed.
which is sometimes mistaken for appendicitis or a ruptured appendix. nausea
which is the body's response to the irritation of dry eyes blurred vision or eye fatigue
which is the colored part of the eye; (2) the ciliary body
which is the layer of blood vessels between the sclera and the retina. close close close eye with uvea eye with uvea the uvea consists of structures of the eye beneath the white of the eye (sclera). it has three parts: (1) the iris
which is the layer of blood vessels between the sclera and the retina. close eye with uvea eye with uvea the uvea consists of structures of the eye beneath the white of the eye (sclera). it has three parts: (1) the iris
which is the layer of blood vessels between the sclera and the retina. eye with uvea open pop-up dialog box eye with uvea open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close eye with uvea eye with uvea the uvea consists of structures of the eye beneath the white of the eye (sclera). it has three parts: (1) the iris
which is the layer of blood vessels between the sclera and the retina. eye with uvea the uvea consists of structures of the eye beneath the white of the eye (sclera). it has three parts: (1) the iris
which is the layer of blood vessels between the sclera and the retina. the signs
which is the layer of blood vessels between the sclera and the retina. the uvea consists of structures of the eye beneath the white of the eye (sclera). it has three parts: (1) the iris
which is the structure in the eye that secretes the transparent liquid within the front of the eye; and (3) the choroid
which is usually noticed by someone else difficulty communicating or finding words difficulty with visual and spatial abilities
which is when blood vessels grow and leak under the retina. the dry type is more common
which itch when i touch them. my joints pain all day and i don't feel good. at night
which lasts for weeks or months
which leads to poor growth. sweating with crying or eating. persistent fast breathing or breathlessness. easy tiring. rapid heart rate.
which makes it difficult for me to sleep.
which makes it hard for me to sleep.
which makes it hard for me to walk without feeling stiff. walking is also uncomfortable.
which makes it hard to do tasks. behavior can include resistance to instructions
which makes me feel sick.
which may appear as a swelling at the base of the neck. tiredness. muscle weakness. sleep problems. warm
which may appear lighter or darker than usual mild itching scaling
which may appear one to two days before the rash
which may appear pink
which may be accompanied by a dry cough. if pneumonitis is undetected or left untreated
which may be accompanied by vomiting
which may be caused by an enlarged spleen night sweats weight loss frequent infections
which may be detected before birth by sonogram
which may be horizontal or vertical
which may be loud enough to wake up your sleep partner teeth that are flattened
which may be mild or severe
which may be mistaken for a lapse in attention that lasts about 10 seconds
which may be persistent or severe menstrual cycle irregularities in women erectile dysfunction in men loss of interest in sex
which may be severe rapid heart rate dehydration fever nausea increased white blood cell count kidney failure loss of appetite swollen abdomen weight loss blood or pus in the stool c. difficile infection that is severe and sudden
which may be severe redness or changes in skin color dry patches of skin that may resemble a burn blisters and draining fluid in severe cases
which may be the first symptom shortness of breath with activity
which may be worse when the air is cold and dry occupational asthma
which may become more frequent and more severe feeling of increased pressure in the head unexplained nausea or vomiting abrupt onset of vision problems
which may become tender
which may cause fever
which may cause gagging or choking sensitivity to bright light sleep disturbances loss of interest in pleasurable activities impulsive behavior
which may cause osteoarthritis in your knee or hip.
which may cause problems with body functions you can't control. this may include: postural (orthostatic) hypotension postural hypotension is a form of low blood pressure that makes you feel dizzy or lightheaded
which may cause urine to appear bright red or cola colored
which may contain blood abdominal cramps runny nose watery eyes colic
which may feel like food or drink is stuck in your throat regurgitating food or saliva heartburn belching chest pain that comes and goes coughing at night pneumonia (from aspiration of food into the lungs) weight loss vomiting
which may get worse with activity or emotional stress discomfort in the left arm
which may go away when leaning forward stomach pain after eating
which may help reduce your risk of cancer and other diseases. choose a variety of fruits and vegetables so that you get an array of vitamins and nutrients. drink alcohol in moderation
which may include frequent straining while trying to pass stool
which may include using a fake name reluctance to allow doctors to talk to family or friends or to other health care professionals frequent stays in the hospital eagerness to have frequent testing or risky operations many surgical scars or evidence of numerous procedures having few visitors when hospitalized arguing with doctors and staff factious disorder imposed on another factitious disorder imposed on another (previously called munchausen syndrome by proxy) is when someone falsely claims that another person has physical or psychological signs or symptoms of illness
which may include wheezing. many infants with bronchiolitis also have an ear infection called otitis media.
which may include: a runny or stuffy nose a feeling of liquid running down the back of your throat (postnasal drip) frequent throat clearing and sore throat hoarseness wheezing and shortness of breath heartburn or a sour taste in your mouth in rare cases
which may include: fever. unintended weight loss. fatigue. night sweats. enlarged liver or spleen. the enlarged lymph nodes associated with multicentric castleman disease are most commonly found in the neck
which may indicate gastrointestinal bleeding
which may ooze and become infected. the signs and symptoms of two common types of pemphigus are as follows: pemphigus vulgaris. this type usually begins with blisters in your mouth and then on your skin or genital mucous membranes. the blisters typically are painful but don't itch. blisters in your mouth or throat may make it hard to swallow and eat. pemphigus foliaceus. this type causes blisters on the chest
which may produce phlegm fatigue fever
which may radiate outward tingling
which may range from mild and watery to severe and bloody stomach cramping
which may resemble a penis closed labia
which may resemble a spider bite. within days
which may result in loss of the limb. sudden leg ischemia can cause the following signs and symptoms: a change in skin color in the affected area no pulse behind the knee skin in the affected area feels cold numbness in the leg inability to move the foot the risk of popliteal artery aneurysm rupture is low. prevention smoking and high blood pressure (hypertension) increase the risk of blood vessel (vascular) problems that can lead to popliteal artery and other aneurysms. following a heart-healthy lifestyle — such as not smoking
which may result in teasing or bullying. schizotypal personality disorder vs. schizophrenia schizotypal personality disorder can easily be confused with schizophrenia
which may worsen with movement swelling tenderness bruising obvious deformity or shortening of the affected leg inability to walk toddlers or young children who break a leg may start limping or simply stop walking
which means easily becoming annoyed
which means not being able to see things in three dimensions and judge how far away an object is. legal blindness — vision less than 20/200 — or complete blindness.
which might appear red or black watery diarrhea skin flushing causes doctors aren't certain what causes most small bowel cancers. in general
which might be present for years or develop after a pregnancy or after stopping birth control pills difficulty getting pregnant hot flashes night sweats vaginal dryness dry eyes irritability or difficulty concentrating decreased sexual desire when to see a health care provider if you've missed your period for three months or more
which might be red or might be dark brown and resemble coffee grounds in texture black
which might be worse at night or while lying down backwash (regurgitation) of food or sour liquid upper abdominal or chest pain trouble swallowing (dysphagia) sensation of a lump in your throat if you have nighttime acid reflux
which might bring up mucus and sometimes blood shortness of breath chest pain gastrointestinal symptoms
which might increase the risk of some scrotal masses later in life.
which might look like bruising difficult or rapid breathing fatigue irritability or restlessness
which might make a newborn fussy diarrhea delayed passage of meconium — a newborn's first bowel movement in older children
which most commonly occurs in the legs. a dvt may not cause any symptoms. if signs and symptoms do occur
which occur due to a low white blood cell count (leukopenia)
which occurs due to a low blood platelet count (thrombocytopenia) pinpoint-sized red spots just beneath the skin that are caused by bleeding (petechiae) frequent infections
which occurs due to a low red blood cell count (anemia) easy or unusual bruising or bleeding
which occurs in tissue in the abdomen
which often leads to a rash. i also have some strange patches of skin that are a different color than the rest of my skin
which often leads to more binge eating and purging. during these episodes
which often leaves marks on my body.
which often results in body stains.
which often significantly interferes with their health and life activities. when you have anorexia
which prevents the body from responding appropriately during stress or infections. cognitive impairment. mild to moderate intellectual disability
which protects against infection and disease. the lymphatic system includes the spleen
which provides a guideline of weight in relation to height
which provides less intensive care. special nursery units are staffed with health care providers and a team that's trained to help preterm babies. nicu your baby may need extra help feeding and adapting right after delivery. your health care team can help you understand what's needed and what your baby's care plan will be. feel free to ask them questions.
which results in dangerous health effects or even death. signs and symptoms of recent use can include: feeling "high" increased sociability increased energy and agitation increased sex drive increased heart rate and blood pressure problems thinking clearly loss of muscle control paranoia panic attacks hallucinations delirium psychotic and violent behavior barbiturates
which results in rash
which runs from the kneecap (patella) to the shinbone (tibia). close close close patellar tendinitis patellar tendinitis patellar tendinitis causes pain in the patellar tendon
which runs from the kneecap (patella) to the shinbone (tibia). close patellar tendinitis patellar tendinitis patellar tendinitis causes pain in the patellar tendon
which runs from the kneecap (patella) to the shinbone (tibia). pain is the first symptom of patellar tendinitis
which runs from the kneecap (patella) to the shinbone (tibia). patellar tendinitis causes pain in the patellar tendon
which runs from the kneecap (patella) to the shinbone (tibia). patellar tendinitis open pop-up dialog box patellar tendinitis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close patellar tendinitis patellar tendinitis patellar tendinitis causes pain in the patellar tendon
which runs from the kneecap (patella) to the shinbone (tibia). patellar tendinitis patellar tendinitis causes pain in the patellar tendon
which sometimes looks rippled around its edge skin changes
which starts between 6 and 18 months of age. stage 1 can last for a few months or a year. babies in this stage may show less eye contact and start to lose interest in toys. they may also have delays in sitting or crawling. stage 2: rapid deterioration. starting between 1 and 4 years of age
which suddenly pops straight. finger locked in a bent position. trigger finger can affect any finger
which tend to start in the center of the field of vision and spread outward. these might include: blind spots (scotomas)
which typically appear in early childhood
which usually affect both eyes
which usually begins gradually. you may start avoiding activities that cause you to be short of breath
which usually first appears on the hands
which usually improves with mild activity.
which usually prevents me from sleeping at night.
which vary among individuals. these signs and symptoms may show up as: delayed development of speech and language skills
which vary widely from person to person
which weakens them. this can cause bone pain and muscle weakness. brain. hypercalcemia can interfere with how your brain works
which you may not even know is there unless you have a urine test done. usually this goes away once the illness passes
which you may notice as an empty-looking (dry) socket visible bone in the socket pain that radiates from the socket to your ear
which your doctor hears through a stethoscope placed over your kidneys elevated protein levels in the urine or other signs of a problem with kidney function worsening kidney function during treatment for high blood pressure fluid overload and swelling in your body's tissues treatment-resistant heart failure when to seek medical advice make an appointment with your doctor if you have any persistent signs or symptoms that worry you.
while another part can feel numb.
while depression causes a persistent feeling of sadness. also
while having gas may be inconvenient or embarrassing
while normal grief symptoms gradually start to fade over time
while others experience an allergic reaction that can include severe itching
while others keep suicidal thoughts and feelings secret.
while others may appear days or weeks later. mild traumatic brain injury the signs and symptoms of mild traumatic brain injury may include: physical symptoms headache nausea or vomiting fatigue or drowsiness problems with speech dizziness or loss of balance sensory symptoms sensory problems
while others may have only one or two unusual characteristics. hidden melanomas melanomas can also develop in areas of your body that have little or no exposure to the sun
while others progress rapidly and cause severe impairment. limb-girdle. hip and shoulder muscles are usually affected first. people with this type of muscular dystrophy might have difficulty lifting the front part of the foot and so might trip frequently. onset usually begins in childhood or the teenage years.
while secondary exercise headaches usually last at least a day and sometimes linger for several days or longer.
while the occipital lobe is primarily responsible for vision. the temporal lobe processes memories
while you sleep. people typically describe rls symptoms as compelling
whistling or hissing sound in your ear. feeling of fullness in the ear. people with meniere's disease often feel pressure in the ear. this is called aural fullness. after a vertigo attack
white
white or splotchy skin. blisters may develop
white patches that resemble folds or ridges
who may have only nonspecific signs and symptoms. signs and symptoms in infants with a uti may also include: uti uti an unexplained fever lack of appetite irritability as your child gets older
wide-set eyes or a narrow groove in the upper lip a gap in the roof of the mouth (cleft palate) or other problems with the palate delayed growth difficulty feeding
will depend on the affected part of your body. pelvis. paget's disease of bone in the pelvis can cause hip pain. skull. an overgrowth of bone in the skull can cause hearing loss or headaches. spine. if your spine is affected
wilson's disease is present at birth
with a characteristic "pasted on" look varied size
with a head that's large compared with the body. features that are sharper and less rounded than a full-term baby's features due to a lack of cells that store fat. fine hair that covers much of the body. low body temperature
with a high fever
with a marked drop in blood pressure
with a measurement that falls below an established value for children of the same age and sex. in children with microcephaly
with a peripheral nerve injury
with a prominent forehead and a flattened bridge of the nose progressive development of bowed legs progressive development of swayed lower back an adult height around 4 feet (122 cm) another cause of disproportionate dwarfism is a rare disorder called spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita (sedc). signs may include: a very short trunk a short neck shortened arms and legs average-size hands and feet broad
with a severe drop in blood pressure felt as dizziness
with a severe drop in your blood pressure and a rapid or weak pulse severe skin rash
with a thickening or swelling of the upper eyelid. eyelid scarring. repeated infections lead to scarring of the inner eyelid. the scars often appear as white lines when examined with magnification. your eyelid may become distorted and may turn in (entropion). in-turned eyelashes (trichiasis). the scarred inner lining of your eyelid continues to deform
with an appearance similar to tapioca. in more-severe cases
with an increase in energy and a decreased need for sleep over several days
with bloody mucus (sputum) difficulty breathing nausea and vomiting high fever headache weakness chest pain pneumonic plague progresses rapidly and may cause respiratory failure and shock within two days of infection. pneumonic plague needs to be treated with antibiotics within a day after signs and symptoms first appear
with certain kinds of stimulation or with certain partners generalized
with crying or laughing lasting up to several minutes. for example
with few or no symptoms. signs and symptoms occur one to three weeks after exposure. they tend to be similar to flu symptoms. symptoms can range from minor to severe
with flatness in the back of the head tongue thrusting hair
with later peeling of skin on fingers and toes the symptoms might not occur at the same time
with less crying and irritability
with little or no warning
with no thought to consequences
with or without color
with or without treatment.
with or without vomiting
with particularly short upper arms and upper legs short fingers
with periods of stable symptoms and periods of rapid decline in functioning. adults may survive for several decades after initial symptoms.
with periods of worsening and remission of symptoms. some symptoms may always be present. schizophrenia can be difficult to recognize in the early phases. early signs and symptoms schizophrenia signs and symptoms in children and teenagers are similar to those in adults
with pus-filled blisters appearing just hours after the skin becomes inflamed and tender. it usually appears on the palms or the soles. close close close pustular psoriasis pustular psoriasis pustular psoriasis generally develops quickly
with pus-filled blisters appearing just hours after the skin becomes inflamed and tender. it usually appears on the palms or the soles. close pustular psoriasis pustular psoriasis pustular psoriasis generally develops quickly
with pus-filled blisters appearing just hours after the skin becomes inflamed and tender. it usually appears on the palms or the soles. erythrodermic psoriasis open pop-up dialog box close erythrodermic psoriasis erythrodermic psoriasis the least common type of psoriasis
with pus-filled blisters appearing just hours after the skin becomes inflamed and tender. it usually appears on the palms or the soles. pustular psoriasis generally develops quickly
with pus-filled blisters appearing just hours after the skin becomes inflamed and tender. it usually appears on the palms or the soles. pustular psoriasis open pop-up dialog box pustular psoriasis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close pustular psoriasis pustular psoriasis pustular psoriasis generally develops quickly
with pus-filled blisters appearing just hours after the skin becomes inflamed and tender. it usually appears on the palms or the soles. pustular psoriasis pustular psoriasis generally develops quickly
with recurring bouts occurring for at least two consecutive years. if you have chronic bronchitis
with rem sleep behavior disorder
with schizotypal personality disorder viewed as less severe.
with severe reactions more likely in children how long the person was exposed to the stingers how much of the skin is affected
with signs and symptoms such as: extreme redness swelling at the site of the sting that gradually enlarges over the next day or two moderate reactions tend to resolve over five to 10 days. having a moderate reaction doesn't mean you'll have a severe allergic reaction the next time you're stung. but some people develop similar moderate reactions each time they're stung. if this happens to you
with slurred speech
with some children experiencing them to a far greater degree than others. signs and symptoms of fetal alcohol syndrome may include any mix of physical defects
with some people having long periods when it goes away. this is called remission. types health care providers often classify ulcerative colitis according to its location. symptoms of each type often overlap. types of ulcerative colitis include: ulcerative proctitis. inflammation is confined to the area closest to the anus
with the disease can have different levels of severity. some people who have gaucher disease have only mild or no symptoms. most people who have gaucher disease have varying degrees of the following problems: abdominal complaints. because the liver and especially the spleen can enlarge dramatically
with unusual movement and positioning. loss of communication abilities. children with rett syndrome typically begin to lose the ability to speak
with worse symptoms in the morning after awakening and gradually improving during the day. as the disease progresses
with your temperature returning to normal in between. rash. a salmon-pink rash might come and go with the fever. the rash usually appears on your trunk
without any confusion
without planning and without help from another person. most people with kleptomania steal from public places
without visible blood in your stool. chronic bleeding may lead to iron deficiency anemia
without warning. they can strike at any time — when you're driving a car
without warning. you may also have periods of time when you have no signs or symptoms (remission). when the disease is active
women may not start menstruating until their 30s or may never menstruate
women with infertility may have irregular or absent menstrual periods. in some cases
wooziness or heavy-headedness these feelings may be triggered or worsened by walking
work
work and social functioning. separation anxiety disorder is a childhood disorder characterized by anxiety that's excessive for the child's developmental level and related to separation from parents or others who have parental roles. social anxiety disorder (social phobia) involves high levels of anxiety
work or other areas in your life because of the fear
work or other areas of your life. worries can shift from one concern to another and may change with time and age. symptoms in children and teenagers children and teenagers may have similar worries to adults
work or other important areas of your life inability to cope well with emotional or professional stress mental health problems
work or relationship problems giving up or reducing social and work activities and hobbies to use alcohol using alcohol in situations where it's not safe
work or with peers. moderate. some symptoms occur in at least two settings. severe. some symptoms occur in three or more settings. for some children
work to maintain your weight by combining a healthy diet with daily exercise. if you need to lose weight
worry
worry or panic.
worry or physical symptoms cause you significant distress in social
worthless or guilty having thoughts of not wanting to live fall and winter sad symptoms specific to winter-onset sad
wound botulism may cause fever. iatrogenic botulism in iatrogenic botulism — when the toxin is injected for cosmetic or medical reasons — there have been rare occurrences of serious side effects. these may include headache
wrinkled
wrinkled skin patches itching soreness or a burning feeling easy bruising fragile skin changes in the tube for urine flow (urethra) bleeding
wrinkles
wrinkles can become very pronounced and deep
wrist and hand. in: green's skeletal trauma in children. 5th ed. philadelphia
wrist or ankle
wrist pain may vary
wrists
wrists and fingers. the pain is likely to be most severe within the first four to 12 hours after it begins. lingering discomfort. after the most severe pain subsides
writhing movements favoring one side of the body
writing
writing or buttoning a shirt change in speech involuntary back-and-forth eye movements (nystagmus) difficulty swallowing
writing or doing other manual tasks erectile dysfunction hair loss or slower hair growth on the legs if peripheral artery disease gets worse
yeast infection symptoms can range from mild to moderate
yelling and screaming while sleeping. fluctuating attention. episodes of drowsiness
yellow crust ooze
yellow or green genital redness
yellow or greenish frequent respiratory infections lack of energy unintended weight loss (in later stages) swelling in ankles
yellow or greenish mucus from the nose (runny nose) or down the back of the throat (postnasal drainage) blocked or stuffy nose (congestion) causing difficulty breathing through your nose pain
yellow or white a hairy or furry appearance of the tongue altered taste or metallic taste in your mouth bad breath (halitosis) gagging or tickling sensation
yellow urine
yellowing of eyes
yellowing of skin
yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes — the main sign of infant jaundice — usually appears between the second and fourth day after birth. to check for infant jaundice
yellowish skin
yellowish-gray or green in color — rarely
yet have trouble communicating and applying what they know in everyday life and adjusting to social situations. because of the unique mixture of symptoms in each child
yet may be indifferent to pain or temperature doesn't engage in imitative or make-believe play fixates on an object or activity with abnormal intensity or focus has specific food preferences
you also may experience: mci depression anxiety a short temper and aggression a lack of interest
you also might experience: fever painful gums sore throat headache muscle aches swollen lymph nodes children under 5 years old may have cold sores inside their mouths and the lesions are commonly mistaken for canker sores. canker sores involve only the mucous membrane and aren't caused by the herpes simplex virus.
you are at higher risk of developing the disorder. complications in some cases
you are aware that your sense of detachment is only a feeling and not reality. the experience and feelings of the disorder can be difficult to describe. worry about "going crazy" can cause you to become preoccupied with checking that you exist and determining what's actually real. symptoms usually begin in the mid- to late teens or early adulthood. depersonalization-derealization disorder is rare in children and older adults. depersonalization symptoms symptoms of depersonalization include: feelings that you're an outside observer of your thoughts
you are probably experiencing delayed ejaculation if the delay is causing distress or frustration
you can be living with type 2 diabetes for years and not know it. when symptoms are present
you can bleed easily for seemingly no reason. signs and symptoms of spontaneous bleeding include: unexplained and excessive bleeding from cuts or injuries
you can choose from several types of thermometers
you can have emphysema for many years without noticing any signs or symptoms. the main symptom of emphysema is shortness of breath
you can have multiple episodes of traveler's diarrhea during one trip. the most common signs and symptoms of traveler's diarrhea are: abrupt onset of passage of three or more looser watery stools a day an urgent need to defecate abdominal cramps nausea vomiting fever sometimes
you can have pain and disturbances in sensation anywhere in your body. dysautonomia. dysautonomia refers to a wide range of signs and symptoms resulting from injury to the nerves that regulate involuntary body functions (autonomic nervous system)
you can have severe disability affecting all four limbs. lambert-eaton myasthenic syndrome. this is a syndrome caused by disrupted communication between nerves and muscles. signs and symptoms include pelvic and lower extremity muscle weakness
you can reinfect your partner even after he or she has been treated for gonorrhea.
you can simply mention them at a routine well-child exam. however
you can't climb stairs your lips or fingernails turn blue or gray with exertion you're not mentally alert
you can't move or breathe on your own. the length of time may vary widely among people with this disorder.
you can't move or speak while falling asleep or upon waking. it's usually brief — lasting a few seconds or minutes. but it can be scary. you may be aware of it happening and can recall it afterward. not everyone with sleep paralysis has narcolepsy. hallucinations. sometimes people see things that aren't there during sleep paralysis. hallucinations also may happen in bed without sleep paralysis. these are called hypnagogic hallucinations if they happen as you fall asleep. they're called hypnopompic hallucinations if they happen upon waking. for example
you can't remember what you did
you could go into shock. signs and symptoms of shock include: drop in blood pressure not urinating or urinating infrequently
you don't regularly compensate for extra calories eaten by vomiting
you excessively limit calories or use other methods to lose weight
you feel itchy on the palms of your hands or the soles of your feet
you have episodes of bingeing and purging that involve feeling a lack of control over your eating. many people with bulimia also restrict their eating during the day
you have excessive thoughts
you haven't been able to stop. you give up social activities. you may stop going to smoke-free restaurants or stop socializing with family or friends because you can't smoke in these situations.
you may also experience: difficulty breathing chest tightness or pain audible whistling or wheezing sound when exhaling trouble sleeping caused by shortness of breath
you may also have a low-grade fever and generally feel unwell. if the germs that caused the gangrene spread through the body
you may be at risk of bone problems
you may be having a stroke. also
you may be in early perimenopause. if you have a space of 60 days or more between periods
you may be working or talking with friends and suddenly fall asleep. it can be especially dangerous if you fall asleep while driving. you might fall asleep for only a few minutes or up to a half-hour. after waking
you may benefit from talking to a genetic counselor — a health care professional trained to assess the risk of inherited disorders. genetic counseling can help you understand the inheritance pattern of the type of ehlers-danlos syndrome that affects you and the risks it poses for your children. by mayo clinic staff by mayo clinic staff ehlers-danlos syndrome care at mayo clinic
you may commonly have flu-like symptoms such as: fever headache body aches swollen lymph nodes in the groin differences in symptom location sores appear where the infection enters the body. you can spread the infection by touching a sore and then rubbing or scratching another area of your body. that includes your fingers or eyes. sore can develop on or in the: buttocks thighs rectum anus mouth urethra vulva vagina cervix penis scrotum repeat outbreaks after the first outbreak of genital herpes
you may continue getting and holding onto things that you may never use and don't have space for. by middle age
you may develop high blood pressure or kidney failure.
you may experience a rash that begins on your trunk but eventually covers your entire body — even the palms of your hands and the soles of your feet. this rash is usually not itchy and may be accompanied by wartlike sores in your mouth or genital area. some people also experience hair loss
you may experience a variety of symptoms. these include numbness or tingling in the hands or feet. you may have trouble sensing pain or changes in temperature
you may experience difficulty swallowing and pain or feel as if food is getting stuck in your throat. infants and breast-feeding mothers in addition to the distinctive white mouth lesions
you may experience intense itching in your genital region. pubic lice can spread to other areas with coarse body hair
you may experience pain after eating. ulcers and perforations are possible and may result in blood in the stool. ears. dizziness
you may experience signs and symptoms similar to asthma or pneumonia
you may experience some of the following signs and symptoms: immediate
you may experience some of the following: pale skin lightheadedness tunnel vision — your field of vision narrows so that you see only what's in front of you nausea feeling warm a cold
you may experience some of these signs or symptoms: red or swollen gums tender or bleeding gums jaw pain swelling around the jaw bad breath an unpleasant taste in your mouth difficulty opening your mouth
you may experience symptoms that range from mild to seriously limiting your daily activities. your symptoms often depend on which nerve fibers are damaged: motor nerves. these nerves regulate all the muscles under your conscious control
you may experience the following symptoms: a feeling as if you're standing on a pebble in your shoe a burning pain in the ball of your foot that may radiate into your toes tingling or numbness in your toes in addition to these symptoms
you may experience these symptoms: severe
you may experience: a tender
you may experience: diarrhea stomach (abdominal) pain severe tiredness and weakness (fatigue) nausea and vomiting later signs and symptoms about a week after infection
you may experience: sensitivity to the sun and sometimes artificial light
you may fall asleep while writing
you may feel fullness in your breasts with areas of lumpiness or ridgelike areas. your breasts may feel tender. many women experience fibrocystic breast changes related to their menstrual cycles that tend to improve after the menstrual cycle. fibroadenomas. fibroadenomas are solid
you may feel guilty
you may feel intense worry about your safety or that of your loved ones
you may feel remorse
you may feel shoulder pain or an urge to have a bowel movement. your specific symptoms depend on where the blood collects and which nerves are irritated. emergency symptoms if the fertilized egg continues to grow in the fallopian tube
you may find that removing your shoe and rubbing your foot often helps to relieve the pain.
you may force vomiting or you may exercise too much or use other methods
you may gradually develop chronic pneumonitis
you may have a color vision deficiency and not know it. some people figure out that they or their child has the condition when it causes confusion — such as when there are problems differentiating the colors in a traffic light or interpreting color-coded learning materials. people affected by color blindness may not be able to distinguish: different shades of red and green different shades of blue and yellow any colors the most common color deficiency is an inability to see some shades of red and green. often
you may have a nagging cough that lingers for several weeks. chronic bronchitis is defined as a productive cough that lasts at least three months
you may have an acute infection on top of chronic bronchitis. when to see a doctor see your doctor if your cough: lasts more than three weeks prevents you from sleeping is accompanied by fever higher than 100.4 f (38 c) produces discolored mucus produces blood is associated with wheezing or shortness of breath
you may have an increased risk of small bowel cancer. examples include people with hiv infection and those who take anti-rejection medicine after an organ transplant. complications small bowel cancer can cause complications
you may have changes in bowel and bladder function
you may have chest pain or pressure (angina). if you have atherosclerosis in the arteries leading to your brain
you may have lichen planus lesions affecting other parts of your body. skin. lesions usually appear as purplish
you may have mononucleosis. if your symptoms don't get better on their own in a week or two
you may have more symptoms including: sudden
you may have only minor symptoms. or you may have significant problems with stool and gas leakage and keeping the area clean.
you may have sudden numbness or weakness in your arms or legs
you may have symptoms of an irregularly fast or erratic heartbeat (arrhythmia). you may have: chest pain very fast heartbeat (tachycardia) dizziness nausea shortness of breath
you may have symptoms of peripheral artery disease
you may have trouble closing the eye on the affected side of your face. close close close facial paralysis facial paralysis facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop. if you're experiencing facial weakness or paralysis
you may have trouble closing the eye on the affected side of your face. close facial paralysis facial paralysis facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop. if you're experiencing facial weakness or paralysis
you may have trouble closing the eye on the affected side of your face. facial paralysis facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop. if you're experiencing facial weakness or paralysis
you may have trouble closing the eye on the affected side of your face. facial paralysis open pop-up dialog box facial paralysis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close facial paralysis facial paralysis facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop. if you're experiencing facial weakness or paralysis
you may have trouble closing the eye on the affected side of your face. facial weakness or paralysis may cause one corner of your mouth to droop. if you're experiencing facial weakness or paralysis
you may have trouble closing the eye on the affected side of your face. the two main signs and symptoms of ramsay hunt syndrome are: a painful red rash with fluid-filled blisters on
you may have: a period of confusion and difficulty speaking inability to recall what occurred during the seizure unawareness of having had a seizure extreme sleepiness in extreme cases
you may have: heavy feeling in the leg lower leg cramping at night swelling in the calf area changes in skin color around the calf muscle blood clots in the lower leg (deep vein thrombosis) symptoms typically affect young
you may have: increased thirst frequent urination blurred vision tiredness or weakness headache nausea and vomiting shortness of breath stomach pain fruity breath odor a very dry mouth low blood sugar (hypoglycemia) if your blood sugar is too low
you may have: shakiness anxiety tiredness or drowsiness weakness sweating hunger a feeling of tingling on your skin dizziness or lightheadedness headache difficulty speaking blurry vision confusion loss of consciousness some people
you may hear a car backfire and relive combat experiences. or you may see a report on the news about a sexual assault and feel overcome by memories of your own assault. when to see a doctor when to see a doctor if you have disturbing thoughts and feelings about a traumatic event for more than a month
you may leak urine when you: cough or sneeze laugh bend over lift something heavy exercise have sex you may not leak urine every time you do one of these things. but
you may need an injection of epinephrine. blood disorders. these can include anemia and poor blood clotting. peptic ulcer disease. chronic stomach irritation can lead to ulcers and bleeding in your digestive tract. reduced bone density. because systemic mastocytosis can affect your bones and bone marrow
you may not be able to move your joints normally.
you may not be aware you have them. multiple growths or a large polyp may block your nasal passages and sinuses. common signs and symptoms of chronic sinusitis with nasal polyps include: a runny nose persistent stuffiness postnasal drip decreased or absent sense of smell loss of sense of taste facial pain or headache pain in your upper teeth a sense of pressure over your forehead and face snoring frequent nosebleeds
you may not even notice symptoms of oral thrush. signs and symptoms may include: creamy white lesions on your tongue
you may not have any signs or symptoms during early pregnancy. some women have mild discomfort or spotting over the course of several days or weeks starting between 14 and 20 weeks of pregnancy. be on the lookout for: a sensation of pelvic pressure a new backache mild abdominal cramps a change in vaginal discharge light vaginal bleeding
you may not know if the biological mother drank alcohol while pregnant — and it may not initially occur to you that your child may have fetal alcohol syndrome. however
you may not notice any changes in your vision. this is because your good eye may compensate for the affected eye. and the condition doesn't affect the side vision
you may not notice any symptoms at first. however
you may not notice it. if the cyst grows
you may not see signs of physical injury to the child's outer body. injuries that might not be immediately seen include bleeding in the brain and eyes
you may notice a reddish mass that comes out of the anus
you may notice smaller bumps or scaly spots across your face
you may notice tenderness or pressure in your lower abdomen.
you may notice that he or she limps — especially first thing in the morning or after a nap. swelling. joint swelling is common but is often first noticed in larger joints such as the knee. stiffness. you might notice that your child appears clumsier than usual
you may notice that you aren't able to put on rings that used to fit
you may notice these signs and symptoms all or most of the time: dryness or a feeling of stickiness in your mouth saliva that seems thick and stringy bad breath difficulty chewing
you may notice: a soft bulge of tissue in the vagina that might come through the opening of the vagina trouble having a bowel movement feeling pressure or fullness in the rectum a feeling that the rectum has not completely emptied after a bowel movement sexual concerns
you may notice: fatigue and weakness excessive thirst and dry mouth headaches and muscle aches nausea
you may observe: change in eating or nursing habits unusual or easy irritability persistent crying and inability to be consoled change in ability to pay attention change in sleep habits seizures sad or depressed mood drowsiness loss of interest in favorite toys or activities
you may only feel pain in your knee as you begin physical activity or just after an intense workout. over time
you may only find out you've been infected later. you may find out when you have a positive skin or blood test or when small areas of residual infection in the lungs (nodules) show up on a routine chest x-ray. the nodules typically don't cause problems
you may stare into space and not respond normally to your environment or perform repetitive movements
you may: feel a sudden urge to urinate that's difficult to control experience unintentional loss of urine immediately after an urgent need to urinate (urgency incontinence) urinate frequently
you might already be treated by a doctor who can diagnose pba. helpful specialists include neuropsychologists
you might also experience: an ongoing cough inflammation of the vocal cords (laryngitis) new or worsening asthma
you might also experience: ear pain hearing loss ringing in your ears (tinnitus) difficulty closing one eye a sensation of spinning or moving (vertigo) a change in taste perception or loss of taste dry mouth and eyes
you might also have small vessel disease.
you might barely notice the pain associated with a stress fracture
you might be at somewhat higher risk of primary progressive aphasia. certain gene mutations. rare gene mutations have been linked to the disorder. if other members of your family have had primary progressive aphasia
you might be more likely to develop it. complications people with primary progressive aphasia eventually lose the ability to speak and write
you might be referred to a sleep center for special testing.
you might bleed only after surgery or trauma. if your deficiency is severe
you might develop shortness of breath or extreme fatigue during activities. and if an artery becomes totally blocked
you might develop signs and symptoms of an intracranial hematoma right after a head injury
you might develop: spots or dark strings floating in your vision (floaters) blurred vision fluctuating vision dark or empty areas in your vision vision loss when to see an eye doctor careful management of your diabetes is the best way to prevent vision loss. if you have diabetes
you might experience other signs or symptoms along with the absence of periods
you might experience serious problems that affect your: eyes lungs liver esophagus stomach intestines brain healthy adults most people who are infected with cmv who are otherwise healthy experience few if any symptoms. when first infected
you might experience these signs and symptoms: irregular periods vaginal dryness hot flashes chills night sweats sleep problems mood changes weight gain and slowed metabolism thinning hair and dry skin loss of breast fullness signs and symptoms
you might experience: a pulling sensation in your pelvis that eases when you lie down a feeling of pelvic fullness
you might experience: tingling
you might feel a lump or mass near your vaginal opening. although a cyst is usually painless
you might feel as if there is a stranger in your bedroom. these hallucinations may be vivid and frightening because you may not be fully asleep when you begin dreaming. changes in rapid eye movement (rem) sleep. rem sleep is when most dreaming happens. typically
you might feel drained
you might feel the pain even when you're lying down. pain can be mild or severe. it usually develops gradually. pain associated with avascular necrosis of the hip might center on the groin
you might feel: pain only at sexual entry (penetration) pain with every penetration
you might feel: pain or discomfort in the affected testicle heaviness in the testicle with the spermatocele fullness behind and above the testicle
you might have cold symptoms
you might have fewer than nine periods a year. and those periods may occur more than 35 days apart. you may have trouble getting pregnant. too much androgen. high levels of the hormone androgen may result in excess facial and body hair. this is called hirsutism. sometimes
you might have no signs or symptoms. as chronic kidney disease progresses to end-stage renal disease
you might have periods when your symptoms improve or go away temporarily. psoriatic arthritis can affect joints on one or both sides of your body. the signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis often resemble those of rheumatoid arthritis. both diseases cause joints to become painful
you might have signs and symptoms that include: back pain
you might have: a sudden feeling of warmth spreading through your chest
you might have: excessive bleeding from an injury or after surgery or dental work frequent nosebleeds that don't stop within 10 minutes heavy or long menstrual bleeding heavy bleeding during labor and delivery blood in your urine or stool easy bruising or lumpy bruises menstrual signs and symptoms might include: blood clots greater than 1 inch (2.5 centimeters) in diameter in your menstrual flow the need to change your menstrual pad or tampon more than once an hour the need to use double sanitary protection for menstrual flow symptoms of anemia
you might have: lightheadedness difficulty breathing fainting chest pain abdominal pain symptoms of shock if your bleeding starts abruptly and progresses rapidly
you might have: pain usually on one side of your head
you might have: rapid weight gain — more than 2.2 pounds (1 kilogram) in 24 hours severe abdominal pain severe
you might have: severe abdominal pain fatigue vomiting weight loss or malnutrition a worm in your vomit or stool
you might have: severe pain increased ear pressure moderate to severe hearing loss ringing in your ear (tinnitus) spinning sensation (vertigo) bleeding from your ear
you might laugh uncontrollably in response to a mildly amusing comment. or you might laugh or cry in situations that others don't see as funny or sad. these emotional responses typically represent a change from how you would have previously responded. because pseudobulbar affect often involves crying
you might not develop signs and symptoms until irreversible damage has occurred.
you might not have signs or symptoms if your hypercalcemia is mild. more-severe cases produce signs and symptoms related to the parts of your body affected by the high calcium levels in your blood. examples include: kidneys. excess calcium makes your kidneys work harder to filter it. this can cause excessive thirst and frequent urination. digestive system. hypercalcemia can cause stomach upset
you might not have symptoms in the early stages of diabetic retinopathy. as the condition progresses
you might not suspect that anything is wrong when you're focused on recovering after childbirth and caring for a newborn. signs and symptoms of postpartum preeclampsia — which are typically the same as symptoms of preeclampsia prior to delivery — might include: high blood pressure (hypertension) — 140/90 millimeters of mercury (mm hg) or greater excess protein in your urine (proteinuria) severe headaches changes in vision
you might notice changes in how your breasts normally feel
you might notice subtle changes that warn of an upcoming migraine
you might notice tenderness
you might notice the signs and symptoms of diabetes — such as increased thirst and urination
you might notice: deep
you need a companion to go with you
you physically act out your dreams. the onset can be gradual or sudden
you probably don't have adhd. adhd is diagnosed only when symptoms are severe enough to cause ongoing problems in more than one area of your life. these persistent and disruptive symptoms can be traced back to early childhood. adhd adhd adhd diagnosis of adhd in adults can be difficult because certain adhd symptoms are similar to those caused by other conditions
you probably don't need treatment for a tmj disorder.
you regularly eat too much food (binge) and feel a lack of control over your eating. you may eat quickly or eat more food than intended
you should be able to manage normal pain with the pain reliever prescribed by your dentist or oral surgeon
you start to lose bone more quickly than you replace it
you think that you're being harmed or harassed; that certain gestures or comments are directed at you; that you have exceptional ability or fame; that another person is in love with you; or that a major catastrophe is about to occur. delusions occur in most people with schizophrenia. hallucinations. these usually involve seeing or hearing things that don't exist. yet for the person with schizophrenia
you typically eat a large amount of food in a short time
you will need genetic testing and counseling. if you have fap
you will need regular screening
you will see the white part of the eye (sclera) and the colored part of the eye (iris). the iris is located inside the front of the eye. the ciliary body is a structure behind the iris. the choroid is a layer of blood vessels between the retina and the sclera. the retina lines the inside of the back of the eye
you would most likely not notice any signs or symptoms. in later stages
you'll develop other signs and symptoms that can include: cough
you'll experience some irregularity in your periods before they end. skipping periods during perimenopause is common and expected. often
you'll likely experience an uncomfortable bodily sensation (premonitory urge) such as an itch
you'll likely experience repeated infections before being diagnosed. the most common types of infections include pneumonia
you'll likely feel back to your typical health. symptom-free periods may be as short as a few days or as long as several years. in some people
you'll often feel refreshed but you'll get sleepy again. you also may experience a decrease in how alert and focused you feel during the day. daytime sleepiness often is the first symptom to appear. feeling sleepy makes it hard to focus and function. some people with narcolepsy continue doing a task when they fall asleep briefly. for example
you're at a greater risk. all these factors together can paint a picture of your risk for developing cad. cad cad what are the symptoms? when coronary arteries become narrow
you're at a greater risk. all these factors together can paint a picture of your risk for developing cad. what are the symptoms? when coronary arteries become narrow
you're likely in late perimenopause. hot flashes and sleep problems. hot flashes are common during perimenopause. the intensity
you're likely to feel unwell with: fatigue unintended weight loss muscle and joint aches and pains mild fever
you're likely to have periods when your cough or other symptoms worsen. at those times
you're likely to have symptoms after touching latex rubber products
you're more likely to have a nightmare in the second half of your night. nightmares may occur rarely or more frequently
you're probably preoccupied with your weight and body shape
you're still at risk if you receive these drugs in the future. other anesthesia drugs that don't trigger a reaction can be used instead.
your ability to conceive decreases. however
your anxiety is likely to continue over the long term if you don't get treatment. when to see a doctor see your doctor or a mental health professional if you fear and avoid normal social situations because they cause embarrassment
your asthma symptoms can be triggered by exposure to mold spores. in some people
your baby may have very mild symptoms of premature birth or more-serious health problems. some signs of being born too early include: small size
your baby will likely need to stay in a special nursery unit at the hospital. some infants need to spend time in a unit that cares for them and closely tracks their health day and night. this is called a neonatal intensive care unit (nicu). a step down from the nicu is an intermediate care nursery
your back
your body or parts of your body — for example
your body's immune system defeats an hpv infection before it creates warts. when warts do appear
your care provider is likely to monitor your kidney function with urine and blood tests and your blood pressure during regular office visits. ask your provider whether these tests are necessary for you.
your cervix appears red and irritated and may produce a pus-like discharge. cervicitis open pop-up dialog box cervicitis open pop-up dialog box open pop-up dialog box close cervicitis cervicitis with cervicitis
your cervix appears red and irritated and may produce a pus-like discharge. cervicitis with cervicitis
your cervix appears red and irritated and may produce a pus-like discharge. close cervicitis cervicitis with cervicitis
your cervix appears red and irritated and may produce a pus-like discharge. close close close cervicitis cervicitis with cervicitis
your cervix appears red and irritated and may produce a pus-like discharge. most often
your cervix appears red and irritated and may produce a pus-like discharge. with cervicitis
your child may develop the symptoms of psychosis
your child may have a week or more of working harder than usual to breathe
your child's teacher may be the first to notice a problem. severity varies
your doctor may be able to hear your tinnitus when he or she does an examination (objective tinnitus).
your doctor may recommend testing for covid-19.
your ears or your lips. but it can occur anywhere on your body
your eye doctor might recommend additional eye exams throughout your pregnancy. contact your eye doctor right away if your vision changes suddenly or becomes blurry
your eye is now highly infectious and becomes irritated
your fingers or toes might turn white and then purplish blue. after warming
your flow may be light to heavy
your head may drop without your control. or your knees may suddenly lose strength
your health care provider might measure your fundal height — the distance from the top of your uterus to your pubic bone. a larger than expected fundal height could be a sign of fetal macrosomia. excessive amniotic fluid (polyhydramnios). having too much amniotic fluid — the fluid that surrounds and protects a baby during pregnancy — might be a sign that your baby is larger than average. the amount of amniotic fluid reflects your baby's urine output
your heart can't supply enough blood to meet your body's needs. symptoms may develop slowly. sometimes
your immune system has been severely damaged. you'll be more likely to develop diseases that wouldn't usually cause illness in a person with a healthy immune system. these are called opportunistic infections or opportunistic cancers. aids the signs and symptoms of some of these infections may include: sweats chills recurring fever chronic diarrhea swollen lymph glands persistent white spots or unusual lesions on your tongue or in your mouth persistent
your intestines aren't able to completely absorb the nutrients in the food you eat. the result is often: foul-smelling
your joints can move far past the normal range of motion. joint pain and dislocations are common. stretchy skin. weakened connective tissue allows your skin to stretch much more than usual. you may be able to pull a pinch of skin up away from your flesh
your medical team will likely be the first to recognize ambiguous genitalia soon after your baby is born. occasionally
your muscles get weaker. this eventually affects chewing
your narrowed airways make it harder to breathe
your relationship may be stronger than ever. bottom line: there is no magic number to define low sex drive. it varies among women. symptoms of low sex drive in women include: having no interest in any type of sexual activity
your shoulder can dislocate forward
your smile might look like a snarl. neck and limb muscles myasthenia gravis can also cause weakness in your neck
your symptoms may also vary over time
your tongue. it isn't usually painful and may go unnoticed for a while. leukoplakia may appear: white or grayish in patches that can't be wiped away irregular or flat-textured thickened or hardened in areas along with raised
your vaginal tissues may lose lubrication and elasticity
your vulva appears normal. a similar condition
